Cheese Fans of Reddit, What 'pasteurized Cheese product' is the biggest mockery of cheese? What's the best?
What's the most badass accessory a person can carry?
[Serious] When did you realize that you were pretending in life?
Do you believe that most politicians have their constituents’ best interest at heart?
I paid for 2 things in the past 3 days with PayPal and I've received what I have paid for, but no money has left my bank account. What's up with this? If I wanted could I just remove my bank account from PayPal and not have to pay for what I received?
If I don't really insert a question here, can I get past the bot? Why or why not?
Why are we voting for pensioners to be our politicans?
What happens to the unpopular r/AskReddit posts?
How can achieve an abundance of time and money?
Which career option you had dropped and concentrated on study at early life that you regret now?
Teenagers of Reddit, how did you go from being the Mr Nice Guy to an absolute alpha stud?
What did someone close to you do to make you realize they were a bad person?
Who would you jump in front of a bullet for?
Who's your local musician that people outside your area have never heard of but they're very popular where you are?
What do you like to do in your off time?
What’s the worst part about graduating college and starting your real adult life?
Starting July 1, I have two months off. Problem is, I just had surgery on my right (dominant) hand and will be in a cast the entire time (fingers/thumb free, but no weight bearing). Reddit, what would you do with the time?
Mechanics of Reddit, what are some horrible horrible horrible things you have ever seen?
You died and your life flashes before your eyes. Whats the one part of it that sticks out the most?
Students, what homework have you still not done to this day?
If you came into $10 million today, how would your life change?
What's your best experience with a telemarketer/scammer?
I need someone to vent, can anyone help me?
Watching a goofy paranormal show on Prime
An algebra student is cheating on his math homework. The question is what is the derivative of xsinx in terms of t if t is the single integral of (x^3+x)/(x^+1) with an integration constant of 0, with no other variables involved. What do you answer?
What company is literally shooting themselves in the foot?
Walmart employees of reddit, what is the weirdest thing you have ever seen while working?
I ate kraft macaroni and cheese that was left out of the fridge for about a day or 2. Was it safe to eat?
What’s was your most embarrassing experience at a restaurant?
Does it seem to you that the people that make very few OPs are the most critical of the OPs and why is this, if so?
[SERIOUS] Late night hikers what is the creepiest thing you have seen while hiking?
What's a plausible excuse to get naked in a public establishment without getting in trouble?
Which two characters from different movies or shows would you like to see interact?
Reddit: What do you think of the new Google images display?
Heros of Reddit what is the most memorable BM you have ever taken.
Hi! Just curious, so to the people that had consentual incest, How was it? Regret it? Still doing it?
[Serious] When did you feel like you're all alone in this world?
Has anyone ever seen their stuff on Storage Wars? Or other shows like that?
If it takes 3 men 3 hours to dig a hole, how many minutes does it take 1 man to dig half a hole?
What is the dumbest thing you ever spent money on?
If you were given your Reddit Karma amount as the same number in dollars what would you spend it on?
[Serious] What are your Cringiest posts from the 1940's that you have yet to disprove?
How can I safely go to Africa to help children and build schools? Are there (non-religious) groups that travel there to help?
The girls had their turn, thanks u/reversesupernova. What are some features guys find unattractive about themselves that you find hella attractive?
Is there any evidence of agencies (such as the FBI) monitoring computers or having access to personal webcams?
[Serious] When someone told you not to trust him/her, should you trust him/her? Why or why not?
What’s the strangest part of your body you will make an effort to smell on occasion?
What's the dumbest thing you ever heard?
/u/AutoModerator on So I am on discord and my microphone (on my headset) has been acting up. When I plug the mic out of the headset it shows the option to select the mic but when I plug in the mic to my headset, the option disappears. Can anyone help?
How expensive is medical insurance for Americans?
If you could wake up tomorrow in the body of someone else, who would you pick and what would you do?
Whats something you can say both as a man and a woman but means something completely different for both?
If you had the whole world's attention for 1 minute, what would you say?
Better Actor: Tom Hanks or Denzel Washington?
Why are popular subreddits so picky about their rules?
What’s the scariest nightmare you’ve ever had?
What are your thoughts on the current concentration concentration camps in the USA?(Serious)
What is your opinion on Reddit YouTube channels??
Employers of reddit, what are some small details in resumes you find professional and unprofessional?
If you had the ability, what new emoji would you add?
What can you tell us about your expired NDA’s that you couldn’t have told us?
If you can meet any GOD you want, which would you choose and what will you ask?
People who work all day in scrubs: do you love it or hate it?
What menu items would you create for a Nickelodeon SNICK theme party?
What’s something you thought could never change?
What do you think goes on inside a pedophile's mind?
Women of reddit, what are the top qualities you look for in a fwb?
Who would win in a fight... A 5’11”, average build man, or a profession midget fighter, at a height of 4’4”?
What was your first time masturbating like?
What are some cool, useful phone apps?
To the ladies in this group, what do men do that make you the “horniest”?
What are the best binge watchable 1 or 2 season anime (preferablly one that were released after 2010 and arn’t know by everyone. ex: Death Note, Re:Zero, Konosuba, ect.) on crunchyroll or netflix?
What do you do to fart less?
What is someone you can tell someone to fuck with their head ?
Redditors - who thinks they have/had the weirdest job?
Shy people of Reddit, when was the last time you've initiated a conversation? How did it go?
If you had to come up with a stereotype for yourself, what would you be?
What was your latest encounter with someone who believes they're a genius because they can look things up online?
Dear managers of subreddit, what’s your favourite “EXCUSE ME! I’m going to need to see your manager!” experience?
How did your what was first sexual experience that shaped your sexual desires today?
What’s the “Most Awkward” situation you’ve ever been in?
What's the best pizza topings you've ever had?
Redditors who have overcome drug addictions, what actions by your loved ones helped the most in avoiding a relapse?
what’s the worst thing you have done for a wholesome reason?
Whats something that a lot of people do thats actually bad for your body?
What’s the longest fucking sentence can you make using the word”fuck” and still make fucking sense?
Redditors who were extremely unhealthy and the did the work to get healthy, what finally made you do it?
What is the most embarrassing thing you said to your boss at work?
Which celebrity is nicer than they seem to be?
If you had to create an absurdly gendered candle scent, what would it be?
Whats the worst way possible to fire somebody from their job?
What's the most unique or unusual thing you bought at an auction or estate sale? (Pics if possible, please)
What is your "I don't remember being arrested" story?
Ex-Lawyers of Reddit: What dirty tricks do other lawyers do regularly?
What is a smell, sound, song, etc. that never fails to give you nostalgia?
What is something inexpensive everybody should splurge on with the exception of beans?
Who would win out of grizzly bear vs gorilla?
If you could go 10 years back in time and change the course of your life, would you do it? Why/why not?
Which fruit or vegetable would you like to turn into
If you go back to 2009 with all the knowledge you have now, what would you do?
Redditors who watch bollywood movies - why ?
Anyone working behind the cameras on tv or movie sets, what happens that we don’t know about?
How do you break into an industry which you have a passion for, but no easy avenue of entry?
To those who have had experienced a miracle or an “act of god,” what did that feel like? What made you immediately know that it was an other worldly power that took hold of you or your situation? How do you know it wasn’t a fluke versus divine intervention?
What is one invention that doesn’t exist that you think would benefit humanity/Earth as a whole?
If you had to pick ONE TV Game show to be featured on what would it be and why? The choices range from Jeopardy, Who Wants to be a Millionaire, The Bachelor/Bachelorette, and Blind Date
What’s your opinion of youtubers using r/AskReddit for content?
Anni the only one that finds it hard to drink from cans!
Men and woman with hair loss. Why are you embarrassed?
[Serious] People who have their helix/industrials pierced, when did you change out the jewlery? Was it healed enough?
How do you confidently quit your job without having another one lined up?
Tattoo enthusiasts of reddit, what inspired you to get inked?
What are some subtle things you have noticed to suspect that Alexa is snooping?
After watching HBO’s Chernobyl, how have nuclear power plants safety measures improved?
What are some of the strangest ways animals mate?
What things have you seen or done that you truly believe are a “glitch in the matrix”?
What do you do when you see an endangered animal that is eating an endangered plant?
Which plan you have been dreaming off to execute this year ?
Redditors who are 30yrs+, what was the hardest lesson you had to learn in your twenties?
When the fuck is Outer Worlds coming out why did everyone forget about it?
Do you ever downvote your own comments, and why?
What's the worst phone call you've ever had to make? What's the best?
What’s an unpopular idea or solution that would solve a lot of the world’s problems?
Techies is Reddit, what scares you about technology?
What would you think of a person who hopes society collapses because they are sickened by the greed and obesity?
What is the best way you have ever told (or can think of) your boss you were quitting?
What are some basic truths which still surprise you?
What was a dream that turned into a nightmare?
Redditors who are in the same profession for 10+ years, what changes have you noticed in your field?
What's a career that you can get into and make a decent living with absolutely no college or training?
What are some songs that you loved so much that you checked the artist's other songs, but the other songs were something of a disappointment?
Anyone run a business and pretends to have a brick and mortar location but you always meet and do business at coffee shops?
Do you prefer hot or cold weather? Why?
Pet owners of reddit, what’s the stupidest thing you’ve ever seen your pet do?
What is one secret you know that could destroy someone's life?
What are some of the stupidest things your Tech Illiterate Family have ever said or asked?
Redditors, in your opinion, which country's people look the hottest?
What kind of cloths do you wear on long airplane flights?
What's the best insult you've ever heard in corporate lingo?
Is there anything in life that you wish you could just 'hack'
What VideoGame song was a clear indication of “Pains is coming your way”?
In your opinion, what is the worst scented candle that you have ever smelled?
What book or film has changed the way you think or act about life?
(Serious) What is the scariest thing that has happened to you in school?
Which episode of Aqua Teen Hunger Force is your favorite?
What’s the funniest thing you’ve seen today?
what was your wildest, most fucked up sexual experience
What is the worst deal you've ever seen or heard of?
Redditors that were very ill as children, what were your thoughts about it during that time period?
What is something that you think everyone should know?
Redditor who had their Reddit stories put up on YouTube, how do you feel about it?
What was the weirdest or funniest porn video that you found or masturbated to?
why is it so easy tell a man was raised by a single mother?
How is your life changing right now?
What is the creepiest experience you had with another person online?
Are farts funny and what was the fart that solidified your opinion?
What negative trait aviut yourself have you noticed about yourself that you successfully changed, and how did you do it?
If two more superpowers had emerged from WW2, how would that have effected history?
What is the worst “this isn’t what it looks like” situation you’ve been caught in?
People with 'cool' parents, what's the wildest thing they would let you do?
What now acclaimed band's first album was trash?
What food actually tastes better the next day?
How to take a piece of physical paper and make changes to it? Find a scanner and get some photoshop app?
What good can I do to the world on a daily basis?
How would you react if Donald Trump's is reelected?
What was your pinnacle of procrastination so far?
Your mom walks in while you're watching something and you switch to porn because it's easier to explain. What were you watching in the first place?
What have you done to right a wrong that wasn't caused by you?
If your Reddit Karma was your bank balance, what could you afford?
People who lived in the Soviet Union, what are the things in your country that still exist from that era?
Truckers of Reddit, have you ever used the runaway truck ramps on the highway? If so what happened and were the goods being transported okay?
Why is NO ONE asking good questions and what happens after we die?
If you could forget about one thing in your life, what would it be?
If you could play a song on a speakers so loud that the whole world could hear it, what song would you play?
[Serious] What did you do to an asshole person, that made him change to a better / good person?
Why do some of people hate hearing opinion that differ than theirs? Why do these people never consider that their opinion can be wrong?
How does a political march get organized?
what movie scene confused you as a kid but makes sense now that you're older?
What profession gets crazier when you put 'meme' before it.
If you could travel to the past, where would you travel and why?
How much do you pay for your data plan and how big is it?
Women of Reddit, what's something guys should do if they haven't dated yet?
Members of reddit, do you find putting labels on ourselves useful? Or maybe you think it does more harm than good to society?
What is something you want to do but probably will never have a chance to?
In honor of cool math games being shut down, what was your favorite game and your fondest memory?
When Did You Realise Your Boyfriend/Girlfriend Was Totally Insane?
what is your "me and the boys" story?
If you could bring one thing from fictional world, what would it be?
The real world now follows anime logic, what happens now?
What was that one event that totally changed your life?
Where do you usually go when you when you have time off? [serious]
What are some best ways to learn a language without taking a course?
What was the most 'white kid' thing you have ever seen anyone do?
IF you had to choose a major natural disaster to live through. Which would you choose and why?
People who popped the big question and got a hard no, what ensued after that and how did it impact your life ?
Parents of Reddit, what is the most extreme thing you've done to protect your children?
What comes to mind when you think of Third World Countries?
What’s a good name for a fast car?
What is something people shouldn't known about you?
Who's your favourite supporting character from any TV show?
What is one moment when you thought why haven’t I done this before
Whats the wierdest thing youve seen on omegle?
Redditors who have gotten cocky at an Indian restaurant and ordered "extra spicy" food, what is your story?
What if I've done nothing but teleport bread for the last three days?
What kind of food have you always wanted to try?
You can change any sentence you've said in any point in your life into a different one. What would you say differently and why?
People of Reddit, if you've ever met a politician or political leaders, how were they like?
We all have been assholes at some point, what’s the most asshole thing you’ve ever done?
People who eat burgers with a fork and a knife, why?
What do insanely poor people buy, that ordinary people know nothing about?
What’s your “I liked _____ before it was cool”?
What is something that sounds like a myth, but actually is not?
If I decide to euthanize myself, will it still be considered as suicide?
How do you deal with a difficult mother who expects so much?
What can you do to save your reputation if its been damaged?
What trio of words best describes you?
Have you ever accidently uploaded something while keeping your phone in your pants?
How did you handle your first serious break up?
Those of you who have the urge to poop at the last minute and/or face difficulty in controlling it while not at home, how do you cope with it?
Policemen of Reddit, what do you do when you are ordered to stop a mass protest, but you also feel sympathetic to the cause?
What’s the most messed up thing you’ve ever seen on Reddit?
People who live in one time zone and work in another, what difficulties and conveniences do you experience?
Parents of Reddit...what's something your offspring did that made you go "yup...no DNA test needed, that's my child"
What tv shows/movies that you think are connected?
What is the biggest pyramid scheme you have been involved/experienced in your life?
Programmers, what do you like about programming?
If a person is sentenced to a time longer then possible human life, why not give them a choice of death?
60s, 70s, 80s, 90s: Which decade do you love the most and why?
I vaguely remember a commercial on kids television from years ago that advertised a toothbrush that would comb your hair at the same time. Does anyone else remember this?
What's strange fact that you can't get off your mind?
People who are true wallflowers, meaning that even your closest friends overlook you often, how do you pull yourself out of that? Inversely, those who do not fall under that category, what can wallflowers do to, I don’t know, be asked to go to dinner or to a get-together every now and again?
Why does the US keep sending money to Saudi when they are using them to kill children abroad?
What are the best wedding entrance moves for the bridal party couples?
People of reddit, what is the weirdest dream you’ve ever had?
People who have seen someone die in front of them, what happend?
What event could have created catastrophic circumstances for humanity but was luckily avoided?
What's the best piece of technology you ever bought?
Couples of Reddit, what made you realise that you were perfect for each other?
What is the stupidest- dumbest shit you've ever done but damn it was fun?
Hey Redditors, this is my first time posting on this subreddit but what are some ways of karma hunting?
What did you spend an insane amount of money on, but still think it was worth it?
Can you describe your favorite TV or movie character as a food, a scent, and an animal?
What's the most dumbest grammar mistake you've made?
What is your terrible first kiss story?
Do you think believe in the concept of time travel? What time would you go to and what would you do?
Last post is STILL blowing up somehow. But it begs the question: What SHOULD be in an online profile?
In your opinion who deserves a punch in the guts?
Need opinion.. is it inappropriate to attend the funeral of an ex boyfriend’s grandfather?
What are some job search tips for a recent college grad (foreigner) looking for work in the US?
Women of Reddit, what are some things during heavy flirting and foreplay that really turn you on?
People who won the lottery, how has your life changed since you won?
Who is the most attractive person you have ever seen?
What's something that's illegal only in your country?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MNeCLxu1lLE What is this the name of the music at the beginning of this video?
To people in their 20s, how do you deal with your acne problems?
Professional gamblers of Reddit, tell us about your craziest win and your biggest loss.
How do I make my own Sub reddit on mobile? Thanks x
Do sex toys become alive in Toy Story? Why/why not?
What IQ do I need to understand Rick and Morty?
[Serious] What are some really fun things to do on Adderall?
What's the angriest you've ever been? What happened?
What was the thing that ended a friendship with a long time trusted friend?
What would Thomas Gage think if knew America was today’s supernation?
Fortnite is going to add a hide and seek game mode very similar to the Minecraft one. What does reddit think about this? Does it redeem them or make it worse?
There is a planet made of diamond. Would you destroy it and sell the diamonds for wealth or would you leave it alone to remain beautiful?
what unethical activity did you commit without knowing it was unethical?
Congratulations, you are now god. How do you change the world?
What clothes brands should a small man buy to find right fit clothes IN EUROPE?
What is the difference between an Indian and a British curry?
What subreddits do you recommend new users of reddit should avoid?
Artists of reddit, what was a thing that took forever to learn how to draw?
Parents who both adopted AND have a biological child, do you love the adopted child any less?
What wasn't in the school rule books, but you got in trouble for it anyway?
[Serious] Would you ever consider an arranged marriage for yourself? Why or why not?
Target workers of Reddit, what happened in your store when Target’s entire computer system went down yesterday?
People of Reddit whose job is to deal with other people, what was the time you had to fight the most not to slap the entitlement out of someone?
Do penis excercises/stretches have the most impact during peri-puberty or post puberty?
How fookin’ great would it be if Eminem and Lil’ Dicky made a song, where Em was duckys father and yells him down?
What s something you've seen in your life that "scarred" you for life?
What’s a post or comment you’ve made on reddit that you expected to get way more upvotes than it actually did?
Aside from any form of abuse, what is something that occurred during your young childhood that you still have difficulty dealing with today?
If you could put a save point at one moment in your life,so when you die you revert back to that moment with all your memories,where would you put the save point?
Flying Cars? Don't we have some already?
What is the weirdest thing you've seen on sale?
Non United Kingdomof Reddit, what is the craziest rumor you heard about United Kingdom that turned out to be true?
What's a phrase in another language that just doesn't translate?
People who regret their current Reddit username, why did you choose it ?
If you had one day left to live what would you do and why?
What kept you going even after you had "This is it" moments ?
If you could change one thing about yourself, could be anything. What would it be?
Long distance couples of reddit, what are some keys to success?
What's the most unexplainable thing you've ever seen?
What was your most “worth it” moment?
What's the worst product you've seen popular YouTubers advertise?
When did you throw safety right out the window?
If you could bring someone from your past back into your life (old friend, deceased family, etc), who would it be and why?
How and when did you discover that everybody will die, one day?
What are your favourite cringe subreddits you enjoy?
What was your biggest "My life was going so well but I literally messed everything up in a matter of seconds"-Moment?
Men of Reddit, what do you think the most difficult part of being a woman is?
Hey Reddit, what's the grossest thing that has happened to you personally?
Is it ok for a boy to wear girls leather clothes?
People who were in a coma for years, what were some big or mundane things that were shocking about the world you woke up in?
You can commit one crime as often as you like for the rest of your life without ever facing repercussions - which offence do you pick and why?
Green Apple Vodka fell on the screen. I thought just the screen protector had turned green, but it also has affected the actual screen. Anyone else has experienced this?
If a tourist could only visit the USA once, what city or state would you recommend and why?
Judges of reddit, what is the craziest case you’ve ever Hortencia
What is the dumbest thing you've got in trouble for?
[SERIUOS] How to forget someone who messed up my life but i loved them so much that i can't forget them even after a year had past
Hey folks! Check out my new sticker company! You won’t be disappointed’
How dramatically you saved yourself from an unwanted responsibility?
What is something that you want, but you should NOT be wanting?
Why is it when I get mad I sling my iPhone?
Why has compassion decreased and apathy increased in America?
Former and Current servicemen of Reddit, what are some of your favorite stories?
Hospice workers over 40, do you now hear the theme song to "Diff'rent Strokes" diff'rently?
Can arabs say the N word? I was saying it the other day and a guy got upset. Explain why or why not
What's a weird habit you developed in your childhood and never grew out of and took with you into your adulthood?
If you one day came home to Kanye West sitting on your couch with the offer of taking care of your family financially for life if you bought him a large bag of Cool Ranch Doritos and waived any breaking and entering, what would you do?
No got 21 upvotes on a comment and I was wondering, how do I cope with my new found fame?
How often do you browse reddit on a daily basis?
should people with problematic political opinions be allowed access to food stamps/EBT, why or why not?
Is there an easy way to import all movies from iMovie to photos?
Truthers of Reddit, do you feel worse or better knowing some truths in the world? (9-11, food poison in the US, chem trails, big pharma scams, etc)
You have the ability to make one animal/plant live longer than human kind. Which animal/plant do you choose and why?
What's a time you did the right thing for the wrong reasons?
What's something you're guilty of that no one else knows about?
What’s the worst thing you’ve ever witnessed?
People who lost weight: what is the most surprising way it affected your life?
Redditors who do night shifts, what are the pros and cons of doing that?
Kinksters of Reddit, did you do something shameful or unpleasant as kids/teens? If so, how did you recover and forgive yourself or others?
What’s a weird part of your morning routine?
What's the most awkward thing that happened to you in a job interview ?
What is one username or Gamertag you came across that was so inappropriate it surprised you that it was allowed?
What should I play tonight? Why would I enjoy that?
What was your scariest situation when you were about to die, but yet you found yourself to be alive at the end?
Couples of Reddit, in our lives it seems mandatory to follow a certain path of life (marriage, kids). How did your friends/ family react when you said that the family won't be getting bigger (no offspring or adoption)?
Gamers of Reddit, what was your first game, and does it still feel like a good game when you play it now you're older? How does it feel good, or how'd it lose its magic?
What’s the most awkward moment you’ve experienced at a family dinner?
What r/AskReddit post did you think would get buried but became front page?
Guys who drive with your arm draped across the front passenger seat - what are you and your imaginary girlfriend talking about?
Hey Reddit, whats the funniest thing to happen during a somber moment?
I just had toenail surgery for my ingrown toenail. I was meant to have 3 anaesthetic injections but they turned into 7 (they hurt a LOT) Was your experience good or horrific?
Teacher's of Reddit, what's the most interesting student you've ever had
What do you think is one thing people from the feature will be disgust about while looking back at the time right now?
People who are children of Anti-VAX parents and left them.What was your breaking point
What’s a time you were wronged as a child that still pisses you off?
If you could manipulate time (pause, fast forward, rewind), would you use it? What would you use it for? Catch: each time you do this, you would lose 5 years of your life
[Serious] People who have intrusive thoughts, what strategies do you have to deal with them?
What would you be willing to do to achieve your greatest wish?
Why does my dog keep kicking me in the balls?
What's the craziest win/loss story you've seen at a casino?
[Serious] women of reddit with low libido, how did you over come it or help yourself?
You die but are reincarnated as an inanimate object, what would you want to be?
What was the most hurtful/nice things that your crush has ever said to you?
Women of reddit, What is 1 thing a guy can do that will make you be interested in them?
What is the best post you saw on reddit today?
People who have built their own pc’s, what was the hardest part of the whole experience?
Humans of Reddit, what's the weirdest lucid dream you remember?
Do you think the Apple Watch will ever come to Android?
How would you describe your profession as if you are talking to a child?
What ongoing scams do people still fall for?
Attentions Doctors of Reddit, what is the weirdest thing a client told you?
Italians of reddit, What are some stereotypes about your culture that are accurate/funny
Millennials what is the 'flying car' of your vision of the future?
Your travelling through the wilderness when suddenly your leg is caught in a bear trap! Hours pass and you realise you have no choice but to gnaw your leg off. People of Reddit, what sauce do you use?
If you could get away with one crime what crime would it be?
ELI5: It seems like ETFs are better than mutual funds in every conceivable way so why are there still $18T in assets in mutual funds?
What phone would be better, Samsung Galaxy S9 or A70 and why?
People of reddit. How is your day?
Strippers of reddit, what was the most cash you made in one night, and what did you do with it?
What are some activities to cheer someone up / keep them entertained when they've broken both of their arms?
Pilots of Reddit, what was the worst flight you’ve been on as a passenger, and why?
Do you Pick or Blow your nose? Why?
What inanimate object would you most like to punch square in the face?
Redditors who served in the military, what skills or habits that you picked up during your service do you still practice today?
What are some of the spookiest coincidences that happened with you?
I was thinking, it seems like we would have the tech to break apart clouds. What if we developed tech to split things like hurricanes into smaller pieces?
What is the sexyist sex you have ever sexed?
What album covers absolutely set the mood for an album?
What is the most awkward situation you put yourself in ?
Anyone else remember sitting in high school and hot girls would pass by and 1 second later you could smell their beautiful scent.
Do you think people need thicker skin? Why?
What’s the strangest double standard society has?
What’s your “I’m really drunk and I’m hungry” food?
Night owls I’d Reddit, what’s the scariest / most unexplainable thing you’ve ever seen or experienced ?
Gamers of reddit who have been friends with others since the XBOX 360 or PS3 days, what’s your story?
whats a thing that you'll regret for the rest of your life?
What’s something around 100 dollars or less that can improve my life?
What's the best way to get karma on Reddit?
What is your favorite thing about yourself?
What takeaway does the best pizza deal?
What are some things you do often for comfort that other people think is strange
What is something you can't belive happened?
[Serious] Just moved to new city. Where to meet other people in their early 20s (besides university)?
What was your weirdest dream you ever dreamed?
What once popular song were you happy to see die?
What was your first tasting experiment? How did it go?
How do I satirize the anti-vaccine movement without making people think I’m actually against vaccines?
Why do you think someone with XY chromosomes should be considered a woman?
You can own any Reddit community which would it be?
What is the biggest thing you should probably get finished ASAP, but are procrastinating on right now surfing Reddit?
Do you or anyone you know put sugar in their cereal/milk?
ex homophobic people of reddit, what was your eye-opening moment? also, Happy Pride Month 🌈
Undertale or Monster Girl Quest NG+ (A +18 Game but still has Good Soundtracks) Which Music is Better?
What ways are the American Civil War still being fought to this today?
People involved with patent law, what are the most genius or bizarre things/ideas you encountered?
When it comes to travel through space and going to other planets, what does scifi get wrong?
September 11 attacks: Lately YouTube keeps recommending 9/11 videos to me so I ended up watching a lot of it. QUESTION - May I ask if any redditor here see the attack unfold in manhattan on live and what it feels like?
Is Keanu Reeves the hero of Reddit?
How would you spend your last hours?
Why does sports and poltics get people fired up on reddit? How does personal attacks help society?
Those of you who have gone through a friendly divorce, what was the cause of your divorce? What is your relationship like with your former spouse now?
People of Reddit, what's the worst thing you have ever eaten?
What is a song that made you cry the first time you heard it?
What happens if you add powdered milk in milk?
What is your least favorite YouTube trend and why?
What do you fear the most? The loss of thought or the loss of memory?
Redditors, what is the most notable thing that's in your mother language? i.e., suffixes resulting in ridiculously long words, one word being able to have a ridiculously elaborate meaning, etc.
Do you think that Chernobyl would've been better if it was in the original spoken language?
What's one thing your past self found humiliating but find funny now?
What are some seriously held opinions you instantly dismiss?
What's your favorite Dr. House quote from the TV Show House M.D.?
Redditors who talk during movies at the theatre, why do you do it?
Medical professionals of Reddit, what has been your make it or break it point?
Do animals think the Earth is round or flat?
What’s something you wish you didn’t know?
What is the app you would recommend for 4chan?
Do you believe that universe will continue to expand infinitely, or it will compress again causing a new Big Bang?
If you could transform into any animal, what would it be and why?
What’s something you did/said when you were a kid that makes you cringe now?
How to make a good assignment for IGNOU?
Bookstore owners of Reddit, where do you get your books from?
What is something your parents/family used to do that you didn't realize was strange or uncommon until later in life?
What makes you start drinking early ?
Lawyers of Reddit, when did you have that moment when you felt like Phoenix Wright?
What's up with all the beans today???
What's the most pathetic thing you've said/done for karma?
If you could flawlessly master 1 skill to the point where you are the best in the world, and be worse than average at the rest, what would you master?
What is your favorite animal (and why)?
How fast wind mph needed to blow mt everest ?
Are there any good subreddits for art tips and help?
How do you know when you are competent at your job?
What's something you used to do as a child that may be considered weird?
Would you be cryogenically frozen? Why or why not?
Medical professionals, what's the strangest advice you've ever heard someone who isn't a medical professional give to someone else?
What item should you buy “just in case” when you have a little extra money? Like a full size spare tire?
Where is Gary? We can't find him anywhere and he has the keys so we are locked outside.
I bought an chili chicken at the mac but why did i got 2 flat sides of the burger ;(
What's a place that's totally fine at night but actually seems scarier during the day?
What was your "Out of body" experience?
What would be the most obnoxious song to wake up to every morning?
How do you pick yourself back up after losing?
People who run up stairs on all fours, which animal are you trying to be and why?
On Trump’s last day in office, he joins Reddit for an AMA, what would your question be?
When was the last time you jumped?
Christians of Reddit, what made you believe that the God is real?
The main antagonist of the last movie/video game you've watched/played is now real. How screwed are we?
People who have been to a middle or highschools, what are some incidents of students being caught with drugs?
Couples of reddit, in what way did you meet?
Members of juries, how were the trials?
What’s the worst or best decision you’ve made in the last 24 hours
What was something your parents tried to get away with doing but ultimately failed to hide from you?
What would be more beneficial a human shaped heart or a heart shaped human and why?
“Oh well, my life’s fucked up anyways.” How did that statement affected your decisions?
If gender is a social construct, why do some imaginary gender make less than the other imaginary genders ?
What should be done when you are stuck on one step in Logic Conditional Proof?
[serious] People who were diagnosed as having ADD or ADHD as an adult, what were your symptoms and how did you finally get the right diagnosis?
Ex-Homophobes of Reddit, what made you change your views?
Bilingual 2nd Generation Immigrants: Are you ever scared that you won't be able to adequately teach your children your non-English language and be somewhat a disgrace? How do you reconcile this?
Gay people of reddit, how did you know you were gay?
You're stuck on an island &amp; you can only have Andy's dick or Anthony's weiner. Which do you choose and why?
How Do You Decide If A Post Deserves An Upvote Or Award?
What is a sub similar to r/murdered bywords but for comebacks?
People of Reddit who originally didn't have any direction in life in their early 20s - but managed to pull through anyways, what is your advice?
Which TV show character do you relate to the most?
How long before a holiday/vacation do you start to get excited?
What are some upcoming artists that many people should hear about?
Theoretically: Can a high school dropout that is now older (let’s say 40) go back to high school to get their diploma?
Dear people of reddit, what's the most awkward way you found out your partner was cheating on you?
Couples who both carry a gene for a genetic illness yet still want kids, what did you do?
Which book did you read for school did you actually enjoy?
Whats the best way to wake up your partner and why?
Will taking testosterone to help build muscles cause the person taking them to become moody and kinda mean? Stories welcome.
You have the ability to freeze time, though people will still be able to see and be aware of what you do during the frozen time. What would you do?
Poor college students of Reddit, what tricks have you learned to make money stretch?
Would you rather get a good or bad BJ from your grandmother?
Why does white ballsack smacking against white vulva during sex have such a distinctive odor?
What are positive things that come about for attractive beautiful people?
What is the funniest joke you’ve heard?
What is the story behind your username?
What is the most believable conspiracy theory you have heard?
Fast food workers or servers, what can I do as a customer to make things as easy as possible for you?
What’s the worst crime committed against you?
What was the best period of your life ?
Physicists &amp; Electrical Engineers of Reddit, What benefit is there to using dielectric insulation in signal transmitting (e.g. coaxial) cable, as opposed to a material that doesn’t polarize?
What kind of poses could you do when you're in front of a camera?
If 9/11 happened two months earlier, what do you think the store 7/11 would have done afterwards?
First contact has been made with an Alien race. We are able to communicate and they want to help us. What’s your first question?
What is your least favorite Disney movie?
[Serious] is there an alternative to /r/watchpeopledie?
What are things you tell yourself to light a fire under your ass when you’re unmotivated?
How often do you think about the dolphins?
What would you do if you suddenly became the opposite sex?
What’s the craziest/funniest thing you’ve seen someone do on their last day at their job?
[SERIOUS] People who live near woods what is your creepiest experience?
Dear American's of Reddit that have a foreign significant other, What was/is the largest cultural barrier you had to deal with? What shocked you the most about your different cultures?
What was your most stressful airport experience?
What has happened to you on a first or second date that caused you to nope right out of there with no hesitation and zero regrets?
If you could go back to any time with the current knowledge but no tech, where/when would you go? What would you do?
What is your favorite country besides on the one that you are living in right now?
Redditors that designed your own house, what made you decide to do that, and what special thing did you do?
Which singer would you consider to have a truly angelic voice?
What is the most questionable wrong person text you have recived?
Teachers of Reddit, what was your greatest "I'm finally getting through to these kids" moment?
What was the weirdest thing you used to do as a kid?
When did you realize that you were different from the norm?
Reddit, what’s your favorite ‘Oh Shit’ moment that happened to someone else?
How was the worst and the best hotel you have been in? why was it bad and why was it good?
Why is Mitch McConnell called the Turtle? and why ( almost) everyone hates him?
If you could meet one of your ancestors and just sit and talk with them for a few hours who would you choose?
Students of Reddit, Do you think that is is Unethical to Cheat on a Test?
At age 18 you get an animal that accompanies you for the rest of your life. If it dies, you die. What animal do you choose?
Where and how did you meet your first special someone?
What is the best way to achieve a good orgasm through fapping?
Should young kids be taught about LGBT relationships? Why or why not?
What is something you can ask me? / copied from someone on here - I give them credit
I get aggressively protective of pregnant women when I'm around them, what is causing this?
What's the story of some of the decisions you've made in a relationship that you regret?
What’s the most fucked up thing you’ve ever done to a friend?
What missed opportunity do you still dwell on years later?
Googel howbdo i sign up for redit?
What is the worst possible solution to climate change?
What are Bartender any tips for amateur?
What do to congratulate my scrawny white friend? He recently found a e girl on minors tinder(Yubo)
Aside from weed, what’s the best legal drug to take?
The general theme of shows/movies/games is that the good/light must defeat the evil/dark, but are there any instances where the villain used Light powers/magic instead?
Girl [hetero] states 'I don't give oral sex but I expect it from you'. Is she a feminist as she claimed or not?
What is your most iconic TIFU moment?
What's funniest password you have ever set for your wifi/hotspot?
What's the most embarrassing thing that happened to you on a first date?
What’s been your worst experience having a friend over?
You are the first person to stand on Jupiter's surface. What do you say?
How do you make pancakes with crispy edges?
Is there any Hollywood figure that everyone knows to not f with, or say negative things about? Are there any stories of someone flexing their power over something like that?
Is there a good and easy explanations about heterophillic male man of around ~20 yrs old prefers good looking heroine (character) playing video games even when different looking alternative choices are abundant? I'm curious about how scientists explain this?
Romeo, o Romeo, wherefore art thou Romeo?
What little insignificant thing happened today that made you happy?
What is your experience in a car crash caused by you?
Can you restart a career @ 20 and how do you choose the right direction?
What's something you were really hyped for but ended up being disappointed by?
How often do you mess up in your relationship?
What is something you had to accept but couldn't at first?
Uber drivers of Reddit: What has been your most memorable encounter with a customer?
What's the biggest "oh shit, maybe I was wrong" moment you've ever had?
Pick 2-5 people (dead or alive), put them in a room to debate a topic. Who do you pick and what's the topic?
What's a curse, that's also a blessing in disguise?
What's the __________ thing you've ever found in your food?
Whats the biggest unsolved mistery of your own house?
Non Americans of Reddit, what is the craziest rumor you heard about America that turned out to be true?
What are the biggest pair of boobs you have ever seen?
What is the best ending song in an album?
What are some good ways of trolling reddit?
People who have been on a "tell us you ghost story" show. What was it like? Did they make you exaggerate or lie about any parts of your story?
What is something you wish the other sex knew was attractive?
Teachers &amp; students of reddit, what's the weirdest thing you've seen on campus/at school?
All 74 Smash ultimate characters have the ultimate brawl (excluding DLC). Who would win this massive brawl and why?
What's the most innapropriate question you asked someone as a child?
Half of all the people on earth died what’s your life like now?
What Foods or Songs Bring Back Good Or Bad Memories From Your Past?
What’s you favorite “I got stitches” story? And how many stitches did you get?
People of reddit who were shot and lived, what is your story and what did it feel like to get shot?
What was one thing you said or thought about that made you think if you are stupid person ?
Phone operators of Reddit, what is the most wholesome call you've had?
Anyone with good suggestions of offline multiplayer games below 10gb?
What’s the unhealthiest meal you’ve ever had that you would continue to eat until the day you die?
What should be included in Shrek 5 if it happens?
Kindergarten/nursery school teachers of reddit, what's the worst thing you've seen a kid do?
Why are singing children's voices so popular in most modern songs?
You have 60 seconds to ruin your life as much as possible, what do you do?
Students of Reddit, what was the dumbest/weirdest thingyour teacher has done?
Redditors of Reddit, what makes Reddit better than other sites?
Who is the most underrated person in history?
What was that one really stupid trend at your school, or that your class had?
What is your most interesting experience working / having worked in a Startup?
Married people, how informal is your relationship? Do you still get embarrassed at certain things around them?
have you ever trolled a street scammer?
What's an app/web page that's a pain to use? How about a quality of life feature you WISH an app/web page had?
What animals would look good in a metalband?
Those of you that have worked at a summer camp, what is the weirdest thing your campers did?
How do i upload a photo to Reddit?
Does the saying “best thing since sliced bread” mean that sliced bread was once considered revolutionary?
What are some very overrated albums that you don’t see the hype for?
What are some ridiculous things millennials have been accused of?
What's the best 'glo up' you've ever seen?
Who is the person that broke up with you, that actually did you a favor by doing so?
We know you love your partner, but what is something they do that irritates the crap out of you?
What, if any, was your first truly racist experience? What went down?
If you could switch places with anyone for a day who would it be ?
What is something you weren't allowed to have/do as a child, but you were allowed to do as a teenager?
Reddit, what was the biggest lie you told and then held on to ?
What was/is the worst in your school and why do you consider him/her the worst
Now members of lgbtq+ how did you family react to you coming out of the closet?
Physicists of Reddit: why will the singularity never happen?
How much of a deterrent is an expiration date to you?
If you could fire anyone right now from your workplace, who would it be and why?
Suicide Bombers of Reddit, what lead you to this career choice?
Have you ever had an “I’m glad I didn’t do it” moment? What’s you’re story?
What’s a time that somebody was flirting with you and you didn’t realize until years later.
What do you wish more people knew?
What resources exist for adults trying to learn mathematics?
If Pokemon actually existed, which Pokemon would you choose as your partner?
What song has a great instrumental but terrible lyrics?
People of Reddit, what was your 15 minutes of fame?
Americans of Reddit, what is the craziest rumor you heard about another country that turned out to be true?
What type of ads do you usually get on YouTube?
Hong Kong is dying? Can you guys please help Hong Kong?
Hey Reddit, what’s on your bucket list ?
As headline writer of the NY Times, tomorrow afternoon, all fabric in NYC vanishes inexplicably into thin air. What headline do you place above a photo of a crowd of naked butts fleeing the scene?
What's the coolest tattoo design you have ever seen?
Ya'all, post a random photo out of your documents. what strange things do you discover?
What’s a small thing that inexplicably pisses you off?
How did you learn to throw your inhibitions to the wind and just have fun?
Why does the school day end two hours before the work day ?
What's your best 'well that sucked' momen ?
How long are you muted for after joining a chat room?
Does anyone know any interesting comics on webtoon?
Chefs of Reddit, what is one time where you screwed up cooking/baking food?
What's a food that you wish you enjoyed, but don't?
If your life was a Hollywood movie, what would be the genre and the plot?
What is the fastest way to make a lot of karma?
What is the most infuriating misconception people who don't know them well have about one of your favourite fictional characters?
Why do women envy men so much?
What is your "I know that something is wrong or What's wrong but you can't do anything with it" Moments?
What are some things you masturbated to that you regret?
What interesting fact is often misunderstood or misapplied?
When was the last time you cried and why?
Is 8am of a work day fair game for music as noisy as construction/machinery in an inner suburban area?
What's the story behind your Reddit username?
People of reddit who have been in a major accident of any kind what happened?
What two words rhymes but have vastly different meanings?
Chefs/Cooks! What is the worst accident or injury you have seen while working on a kitchen? I want all the bloody details.
Alright, I got 20 bucks, what's a good switch game to get?
Non-Americans, What stereotypes about Americans would you like to have debunked?
Urologists of Reddit, what's the biggest surprise you witnessed?
When did you laugh at a very inappropriate time?
What are the weirdest questions you've seen on this subreddit?
Long-term Redditors, what was your first impression of Reddit, and is it still the same as it was then?
What is the most unsanitary/gross thing we do on a regular basis that everyone seems to overlook?
What is the best vacation you’ve had?
It's too damn hot! Besides air conditioning, how do you stay cool, especially at night?
Who will be remembered as the best artists of the 2010s ?
AskReddit post, example of Quality vs Quantity
If you’re in a public establishment and someone’s child begins to hit you, what would you do?
Where are you banned from, and why?
What’s progressively and inevitably ruining your life?
what superpower would be the most useful?
What childish behaviour or activity do you wish was socially or publicly acceptable for adults?
If you could only vaccinate your child against one disease, what would it be and why?
What do you hate about remakes of old tv shows and movies
Why is it so hard to develop a drug/treatment that helps people fall out of love / get over a crush?
What's the most interesting thing you've witnessed happen in a psych ward?
What video game would sound insane if you had to explain it to someone who’s never played video games?
What's the tastes the worst after brushing your teeth?
If you were stuck in an elevator for two hours with a fictional character, who would it be? You have to stay the WHOLE two hours.
Dear Reddit, if Reddit had been around for the last 500 years, what would be some the top posts of all time?
What is the scariest road trip moment you’ve experienced?
My GF watch’s gay porn, how do I tell her that turns me on?
What was the weirdest/scariest thing your pet has done.
Women of Reddit, what is something that is considered 'manly' that you enjoy doing?
teachers of reddit what moment did you start feeling for the class you are teaching
Genuine question here, is it weird that when my partner is upset and I comfort her I can’t help but get turned on? Does anyone else have this problem if so how?
Why can my 1/8 the black friend claim black and me 1/4th Native American catches shit for saying Native American?
What things about your body and mind that you considered normal actually aren't?
Personally, can you be happy alone (good family included - just not friends) / why or not?
How does the new U.S. visa law demanding your social media usernames affect you?
How do you support somone who's parents are getting a divorce?
What do you hope never happens to you again?
People who grew up in heavily religious households, what is the strangest thing you've gotten in trouble for because of your religion?
What is the best subreddit to post memes on that doesn't need karma?
Would you rather have Batman's Skills, Money, or Equipment?
Hospitality workers, AirBnB hosts, hotel staff, what is the most fucked up thing you have ever found cleaning up after a guest?
What's the most embarrassing thing you've done that made you cringe each time you remember it?
What is a job with a bad reputation that you would like to have?
How do make your bag of Ramen noodles?
Non-smokers of reddit, what's a time in your life that made you pick up a cigarette?
What used to be near-universally hated, but is now much more well-balanced in its reception?
What was the most inappropriate situation you were in where you accidentally laughed out loud?
What's some cool stuff that will happen in the near future?
You are given the task of giving a subreddit an alignment, DnD style. Which subreddit do you choose, which alignment, and why?
What achievement are you most proud of?
What classic stories or literature would you like to see as a video game?
Redditors of reddit, did you ever get revenge on a killer/scammer/rapist? If so, what happened?
What's one amazing/cool thing you've done alone that when you did it you instantly looked around hoping someone saw it?
Redditors who have, in some way, profited from foraging in dumpsters (aka dumpster diving), what are the stories and secrets of your success?
Staying in Egypt rn and wondering about my water intake
If something was nothing but nothing was everything how can we hold on to anything?
What is the best strategy for Tetris?
Students with student loan of reddit, what do you think about it?
What was the most frustrating time of your life?
What was your favorite toy as a kid?
Just watching Last Man on Earth, and I don't want to commit a lot of resources to the "prepper" lifestyle, but something simple I think I could do is print up tons of How to's and useful info and then store it away just in case. What would you print to survive/thrive if the world ended?
married people of reddit whats your closest moment to divorce?
What’s the DOWNRIGHT scariest thing that’s ever happened to you or someone you know?
What was "the incident" in your hometown?
Ladies and homys, which 5 guys would you choose to surround you for the circle jerk of your dreams and why?
People who have successfully used a good luck charm, what was it and how long did your good luck last?
What was the best wedding gift you didn't expect?
What things are done in the name of safety &amp;/or efficiency that you disagree with? And why?
What is the one thing you said, wrote, emailed or texted that you wish you could go back and time and "erase before sending?"
Semi drivers of reddit, what is the craziest thing you have seen on the road?
What town should you never ever visit?
What do you think is the opposite of Red, Green or Blue?
Can I get negative Karma on my account?
What is something you've done that made you cringe but isn't that bad?
What are some things to do with nacho cheese?
I’m no racist but... can you finish this sentence?
What's the most intensive thing a person can do?
What are your bucket list travel destinations?
Vegans of Reddit: What's the best way to tell everyone how amazing you are?
What is something people assume about you that is actually true?
When did you think you were going to die?
Americans of Reddit, what was your biggest culture shock while visiting other countries?
Humans of Reddit, what is your favorite underrated podcast?
If you could add or take away something from a movie you hated to make it a better movie, what would it be?
Are exploding testicles in any way funnier or better than knives being rammed up female genitals? Why/Why not?
r/dankmemes users (or anyone really), where do we stand on Fortnite now that Keanu Reeves is a PC in it?
[serious] What's your story of the first time you had sex?
What do you honestly think of furrys
People who don’t have facebook, how are you keeping up?
What is your “did that actually work?” story?
What's the dumbest school rule you ever had?
Ya just died, how the hell did that happen?
[serious]People who ask for change at intersections: What's your story?
What do you think is the best song that does not have a chorus?
Have regrets taken the place of any dreams of yours? If so, please share an example.
What two shows/movies/games do you most want to make a crossover installment?
What's the dumbest reason that you've been banned/blocked?
Who would a 27 year old Victoria Secret Model date; A 55 year old billionaire, a 40 year old millionaire actor, or a 28 year old thousandaire model?
What stupid thing did your idiot coworker do this week?
What's a video that you saw on the Internet that fucked you up the most?
What did you want to say in an argument but couldn’t because you weren’t brave enough? Who were you arguing against?
Who is the most famous living female person in the world?
What new album are you most looking forward to?
Why do I find Joe Biden hard to look at now? I think he got something done to his face
What's a 'Checkmate' moment in real life?
What’s the weirdest type of porn u jerk off to
What’s an interesting fact, unique to your profession, that isn’t well known?
What games need to be saved so future generations can play?
Hey Reddit, I'm taking my driving test tomorrow so why did you fail yours the first time through?
Why are character names and titles to tracks in the OST in anime often German rather than Japanese?
What habits do you want to build?
What’s the craziest thing you know about your sibling(s) that your parents don’t know about?
If you were attempting to convince a fiscal conservative to vote Democrat in 2020, what state/city would you point to as evidence that liberal policies work?
Is it rude to ask an illegal immigrant about their past/reasons for leaving their home?
If you had to loan someone your body via a contract, what would be in the fine print?
What's the Scariest thing that's happened to you?
Do professors appreciate a thank you email after they did something for you?
Other than when you see your first vagina, when is it acceptable for a man to cry?
Women who have had multiple orgasms: have you had them with most/all partners or not?
What would have happened if the earth had stopped spinning around the sun?
If you could travel back in time, how would you mess with it? (funny answers only)
Ex-Christians of reddit, what made you change your views/push you away?
People who spend long periods of life travelling, how do you afford to live?
What is your highest rated comment ever?
How much more would you have to make per hour for you to look forward to going to work?
If you had to describe you life right now in one song title, what song do you choose?
Why can so many people not just admit that they’re wrong when they’re clearly in the wrong?
You've got one more hour to live. You're given the chance to stay alone and do nothing or go out and kill as many people as you can. What is your choice?
Current or former young smokers of Reddit, when did you firat start smoking and what caused you to start?
Redditors who grew up with strict/overprotective parents, what did they do to make themselves strict?
[Serious] Do individuals who align themselves with the far/alt-right deserve to be protected under freedom of speech in America? Why/why not?
What is the strangest encounter you've had so far?
Hi. So my SO is a massochist but i dont want to hurt her. (I know im a soft boy.) But what fo i do? I dont want to upset her.
What’s the best “truth” or “dare” you’ve ever heard in person while playing the game?
Where is the best place to find bets testers for a software project?
People of reddit, what are the nastiest things youve seen on the side of the road?
What is your current goal in life that pushes you to live one more day?
Redditors, why are conservatives, &amp; republicans oppressed by leftist, antifa, &amp; socialist?
What are the humanitarian actions you did for someone or something?
Why do Americans really love Donald Trump and the republican party?
Teachers of reddit, what is the dumbest thing a student got expelled for?
Based on stereotypes, what would your new National Animal be?
Have you ever knowingly let someone suffer the consequences of their mistakes?
If each of the Avengers sponsored a cookie / biscuit would that captured their character what would they be?
How is the New York Times able to run a story on a top secret military operation without legal repercussions?
People of reddit, what are you looking forward to the most this summer?
What president has the highest approval rating?
How do you consume soup? Drink or Eat and why? (Twitter poll: https://twitter.com/Islarf/status/1144616573044514816?s=19)
Women of reddit, what you thing would be the best thing about being a man?
What is the worst wedgie you have ever witnessed (or taken part of)?
What are your favorite subreddits to find memes to share with your friends (or save for yourself)?
I realize you’re all biased, but is there a better place to find memes than reddit, and if so do tell?
Would you watch a show about average Americans going to third world countries, trying to explain thanksgiving day dinner to them?
Is there anything you’d like to confess on Reddit right now?
People who have formally changed their name, what was the purpose?
Why can’t you unfollow certain Facebook pages like “NowThis”?
What's the best/unforgettable gift that you gave your gf/bf?
Captain America vs Deadshot who would win?
What is something that you have seen/used that made you thought why did not I have one of these in my life sooner?
What are the most successful small businesses ?
What's a tough situation you're proud you got yourself out of?
What has your pet done that shows they truly love you?
What is the funniest doomsday device a super villain could threaten the world with?
What are the movies where character wake up in different world like forbidden kingdom?
If the Usa was a person, what would you say to him?
What can you say to a man that you could never say to a woman?
Men of reddit: What part of the toilet do you aim for when peeing? Left right top or bottom inside the bowl
What would you do if I set the volume knob on 19?
What's a video game you find fun but suck at?
Reddit, what was the worst gift you ever received?
If someone ate Kirby and he started sucking What would happen
Have Hand Tattoos Caused Turbulence In Your Life?
Current and former mcdonalds employees,what are your craziest stories and most fucked up things you have seen in the big arch?
What profession will likely never become automated?
If a hot girl walks by in Yoga Pants, every guy definitely will take notice. Is there anything about a hot guy that makes every girl notice?
Who's a lesser known historical figure that you think should be more widely known?
What's your 'did I just get away with that' ?
What took you too long to realize?
What are some signs, that you're treating yourself wrong? (Emotionally an physically)
What was you dumbest fear as a kid ?
What is an animated film you love but isn’t a “main” one like Little Mermaid, Lion King, Cinderella etc? Doesn’t have to be Disney, either.
What is worse and why #1 - a global blackout or a nuclear cloud?
What was the hardest laugh you've had and what was it at?
Are there any exceptions in mathematics’ postulates?
Whats the most toxic community you had to leave?
What do you think is the lamest thing about you?
Has you ever had an experience with abuse from a family member? What was it like?
If you've ever quit a job. What was the last straw that made you quit?
What's something that changed your mood today (to better or to worse)?
Who is the most under appreciated person in history?
People with OCD, what are the things that annoy you to no end? For me, it’s the sound of people eating. Possibly the most annoying sound ever to me.
What is the smallest thing to always make you cry?
Who is the the best singer in rock history
How do airlines (or anyone for that matter) restrict what you are using their internet for? E.g. only SMS on a flight?
Whats your reason to keep going each day ?
You find 100 bucks. What do you spend it on?
What are the fetishes that you think are morally wrong or unacceptable?
What’s your “I started from the bottom” story?
On a scale of 1-10, what is your favourite colour of the alphabet and why?
What are small things we are all victims of doing?
Your 8-year-old son is bounding naked Barbie dolls in rubber bands. What do you do?
If your dog could speak, what secert's could they tell about you?
Did you have a "traditional" "first date" experience? How did it go?
When did you realize you chose the wrong major?
Everybody now goes into splatoon 2(as an inkling/octoling),what is the first thing you do?
How has ancestry DNA test changed your life?
What is something that you want to post but never found the right place for?
What was your big vacation disaster ?
What Sub would you ban and why?
How has reuglarly exercising improved you physically and mentally ?
What Is The Most Valuable Lesson a Job Has Taught You?
If you hid the keys to a safe with $1M inside from the FBI for a week, you could keep the money. Where would you hide the keys?
What is the main thing in your life that gives you purpose and the desire to succeed?
What’s a real life plot twist that’s happened to you or someone you know?
What is an fun devil's dilemma you would like to submit to other reddit users?
If Redditors hate Instagramm users and Instagram users hate Redditors, what happens to the people who use both apps?
You get one piece of technology from science fiction, what do you choose?
What is your favorite mobile game, and why?
Toothbrushers of Reddit, do you use the hand towel or the shower towel to wipe your mouth afterward?
Anyone who used to be a homophobe but now supports the LGBT community, what made you change your mind?
Which Democratic candidates (2020) do you hate the most?
21 Savage allegedly has 8 “M’s” in his bank account. What else might he have 8 of?
What's the last song that made you cry?
[Serious] How might you or your life be different if you were to have no family of origin to influence your decisions (assume no tragedy to make you sad or miss anyone; just that you are on your own)?
What's one possession you were happy to get rid of because you hated it so much?
What was the hardest thing you had to admit you were wrong?
What is something that you secretly love?
I reached 7020 Karma in 69 days! Am I a rising star?
Those of you who have been in the friend zone, how did that end up for you?
Apple Genius Bar Employee's, What Are The Craziest/Weirdest Stories You Have?
People of Reddit that got rejected o a marriage proposal. What happened? Did it change your relationship with the person?
What is the most infuriating, counter-intuitive door you have ever seen?
How do you not get pregnant when having unprotected sex?
What new subreddits need a subscriber boost?
How many times can you be zapped in the balls with a taser until you lose the ability to have kids?
What's the stupidest hing a customer ever ask for?
Reddit, what are your favorite TV shows and why?
What is the most unexplainable thing you have ever witnessed? Did it change your beliefs in any way?
Waiters &amp; waitresses of Reddit, what’s proper restaurant etiquette that everyone doesn’t know or forgets?
Will the 2020's be just as crappy as the 2010's have been? Why or why not?
Post-suicidal people of reddit, how did you get through your struggle? I need help
If you were a fighter or boxer what music would you come out to?
Redditors whose SOs have passed away, what did you do with the nudes, sex toys, etc.?
Have you recently done something you haven't done a long time and it was better than you remembered?
What should people do when everything appears to be going wrong in their lives?
Pet owners of reddit, why is your favorite breed of dog or cat the best breed?
My neighbors wifi is "YouHaveToPay" and I cant help but feel the password finishes the phrase. Guesses?
Redditors who’ve lost weight or have been losing weight, how do people treat you now vs before?
I found a head stone at work, what should I do?
Do you spend enough time on your education?
Recently found the choosing beggar reddit. Whats the deal with people wanting to trade designed items and other things for exposure? Is this real?
Is it wrong to not want kids
If one of your relatives uses Reddit dark mode but they also use Instagram, what is a fitting punishment?
Animated short film about life as a puzzle? Its about a person putting different pieces of their life together like a puzzle and then they meet someone and they try to put their puzzles together but some pieces don't fit? Can't remember the title, hoping someone here has seen it and can help me out?
What weird phrase did someone teach you?
If you could appear in any kind of advertisement/commercial, what would you want to be advertising?
Have you ever got scammed ? how ? tell us about first time ?
Straight people of Reddit, when did you realize you were attracted to the opposite sex?
Canada and the US are in a war: How did it start?
What's a really bad idea for a movie?
How will cats eventually take over the world?
What would it take for me to get a short letter to the POTUS.
What's the sexiest way someone's asked you to have sex?
What is going to be different in 2020?
Would immortals have the N- word pass?
Do you have to use imgaur for r/photoshopbattles?
What hypocrisy pisses you off the most?
What’s the weirdest thing about modern life that people just accept as normal?
Redditors who don’t cry a lot, what made you finally tear up?
What was your traumatic childhood experience? (If you had one)
What is your worst driving school experience?
If there was a job title named 'President of Earth', who would you pick for the job and why?
Can somebody send me a photoshopped picture of Beethoven on a drumset
What's the most fucked up sentence you've heard on the internet?
What stories do you have experienced with overprotective fathers?
What is the most inappropriate remark you can make about a man and his dog?
What did you think would be a really good solution to a problem, but ending up making things worse? Or. What did you think would be a good idea but ended up being a terrible idea?
At what point do you say enough is enough, dealing with liars?
White redditors, if you could give up your white privilege to help achieve true equality for all, would you? Why or why not?
People of reddit, what is your funny story and/or advice for partners soon to move in together?
50 year olds of Reddit, What do you wish 35 year old you did or understood then?
What’s a ‘useless skill’ you learned as a child that was actually useful as an adult?
Which porn actor or actress do you think has the most awesome or cool or corny stage name?
If it was a requirement that: anyone wearing a badge, or in law enforcement, should never utter any slur, expletive, or otherwise foul language - how could this improve things overall?
What's The Most Trouble You Have Gotten Into With The Law?
What's the worst thing that you've accused your S.O. of doing and been completely wrong about? What led to the accusation?
What is a video game you hope will come out in the next couple of years?
/u/AutoModerator on I am visiting Washington DC and there seems to be a disproportionate number of redheads here. Why is this?
You read this as any question ... What is your answer?
Adults of Reddit, how do you make friends after college?
What do you eat first, French fries or burger?
What is what is the worst memory you have of somebody stealing something from you?
[Serious]What is something you have been too afraid to ask, until now?
Can civilians legally obtain or manufacture local anesthetics?
Why is eveyone complaining about the upvote button?
Am I just to deep. Do I just expect to much from life. I pretty much think I’ve ruined my life with this deepness.
URGENT I need help writing my maid of honor speech! The wedding is tomorrow and I keep coming up with garbage! Please help
All users of Reddit What Rumors have you head of Finland?
Athletes of Reddit, what was the stupidest thing you or a teammate do during a game or event?
Which single human being changed the world in the most impactful way, good or bad?
Who do you look up to in life?
What does a person do when they have the talent and hard work but none of the recognition or friends to be able to make a living?
Chefs of Reddit, what are some "unconventional" you've seen in a kitchen.
This may be a little too soon but what was your favorite Erika clip/video on YouTube?
Whats the best cure for insomnia or how do you make yourself fall asleep?
What’s the most you’ve ever won on a lottery or scratch ticket?
People who experience sleep paralysis, what was your scariest moment?
People who have won a lifetime supply of something, what has your experience been like?
In Gr‏e‏ase, why did D‏anny say "She was go‏od, you kno‏w what ‏I‏ mea‏n" ?
Tattoo artists of Reddit, what is the weirdest tattoo you have ever done?
How do I confront my best friend about some shady behavior?
Would it be a dick move if you got time displaced to the future or past, then you got married and had children, then your spouse dies and you find a way back to your time and you force your children to come back to your time?
What knock-off/clone products are worth buying over the original?
What’s the dumbest reason you’ve been pulled over for?
Positive people of reddit, how do you spread positivity without succumbing to the need to degrade others?
Experts say that if someone uses words like "do not" instead of "don't", or "I am" instead of "I'm", that it's a red flag that they're lying. Do you think this is always true, or could there be cases where someone might say things like that when they're telling the truth?
Reddit, how have you changed someone’s life?
Where were you re last time you orgasmed?
Uber Drivers of Reddit, what is the craziest thing that has happened to you on the job?
[Serious] How many times have you considered suicide?
Asking for a friend. What is a super creative way to kill someone?
Which actors/actresses would you cast for your perfect movie?
People who use the expression "die a little inside", are you slowly turning into zombies?
Who is a musical artist from your country that you think the whole world should know about?
What is your opinion/stereotype of Canadian people?
How much do you pay for mobile data in your country?
Which account has been the funniest reddit novelty account?
[Serious] How do you escape poverty when you have no money after bills to invest?
Non colorblind people of reddit why do you get super surprised when I have tricks to recognize colors I can’t see like normal people?
Have you ever met any NBA player/players? How are they in person?
What is the worst bullying that has been commited to you or have witnessed in your school?
Redditors, what is the most obvious or dumb way you've seen someone get caught shoplifting?
What brilliant idea did you have only to find out later on that it has already been done?
Security guards who took the night shift, what are some of your scariest/spookiest false alarms?
Anime profile pic users of reddit, what subject do you have strong opinions on?
If you could go back in time to any time period but you can't change/cause any extremely history altering events what would you do?
What is the most selfish thing you have done?
Would it be bad if I get back at my dad and brother because they abandoned my cat?
Older people of Reddit, what are some things about the new generation that you like more than your own?
WhT are your most effective time management skills?
What is the most ridiculous thing you ever saw in front of your house?
What would you do if your parachute failed at 12,000 feet?
The Kidz Bop series is still going. Who buys these albums and why?
Have you ever had a dream that you, um, you had, your, you- you could, you’ll do, you- you wants, you, you could do so, you- you’ll do, you could- you, you want, you want them to do you so much you could do anything?
Who’s been wrongfully accused or convicted of a crime? What’s your story?
What was the most embarassing moment of your entire life?
What was your most memorable BM you have ever taken?
Guys, how do you handle a hangover?
What is something you’ve owned that you had no idea was worth a lot of money?
What fact can you drop to make a perfectly normal situation supremely awkward?
In American Scrabble, why is the letter 'Z' valued at 10 points?
What is something you saw as a child that you did not fully understand until you were older?
What experience has caused you to feel the greatest level of excitement?
[Serious] When should one consider seeing a therapist?
What would Hillary have done about Iran?
So I was just browsing randomly and a random thought occurred whilst I was just genuinely scratching my balls. Do girls also scratch their bits when they're doing something like reading or watching movies?
Why does it feel so good, so good to be bad?
What was your childhood imaginary friend like?
If you were to pick up your SO at the airport, after they are getting back from a long trip, what would you do to embarrass them as they are coming out of the terminal?
What was your worst road trip experience?
How much money would you pay to get an extra hour of sleep every morning?
Ex/current military, what's the best roast a drill instructor has given you?
How can someone build a company like Stark Industries?
Reddit, what is your favorite show/movie/video game's "cardinal sin" (ie, show starts of great but 3rd season was rough, game series suffered due to terrible business choices etc.)
Married/engaged people of Reddit, how did you know it was time to take your relationship to the next step?
When did you get scared the most?
What’s your first “uh oh, I’m getting older” moment and how old were you?
Is there anything that we humans can universally get better at as we age?
i put my chips in the fridge and they taste good. what weird things do you put in your fridge ?
What can one do to be more likeable?
If the medical sciences produced a relatively universal cure for cancer, wouldn't the preventable strains of the disease mutate over the generations into something even more aggressive and dangerous?
When pursuing something creative, why is it that the opinions of strangers feel more important to us than the opinion of friends or family?
What's your opinion on weddings without alcohol?
A potentially great question for learning more flaws about prominent historical figures is totally shit on by circlejerking celebrities and modern politicians in AskReddit. A few good answers I guess.
What would you consider the “Walmart” of gas stations?
Can you help me find a channel?(details in the comments)
What's the best way to build a homepage from scratch?
People of Reddit,what would be the most WTF story of your life?
You can magically change one thing about society, what is it?
Reddit, you're watching a film tonight. What's it going to be?
What is the most controversial thing you have overheard in a conversation?
[Serious] What can we do to start seeing a person as a soul?
Is there a species right now that if it went extinct would drastically change life on earth (not including humans) ?
[serious] why don't police (in the US) need to go to college/university?
In your opinion, what's the stupidest thing to do with money?
What do you think the worst meme of all time is?
We've all had those friends that logged offline one day, on one platform or another, and never logged back on. What are your favorite memories you had with them?
What's a fruit you eat every morning?
What Is your favourite music period, and what Is your favourite song of that period or of another ?
What is something you can say both during sex and at a funeral?
What would happen if all plutocrats stopped existing?
Parents of straight-a students, what did your child do after high school/college?
What was the best day of your life so far?
What are some of your experiences on live FaceTime apps like Omegle or Holla?
Is a 5.5 length and 5.2 girth penis adequate?
People of Reddit who proposed to their SO but were rejected, what happened?
Kpop stans, why do you put yourself through hell listening to that music?
What are the best side gigs for someone in school?
How many awards do you have? (real or reddit ones)
What do you think is the most amazing fact about the Universe?
What amount of money would persuade an individual to amputate their genitalia?
Why doesn’t anyone care that I’m going to kill myself?
Special operations military members: what are some interesting stories of selection or training you have? (funny, scary, sad, etc)
Some say that Shrek and Hulk are basically the same. What other characters (DONT have to be related to Shrek or Marvel) would you say are basically the same?
People of Reddit, what's your guilty pleasure?
What do you think Link does with dungeon/temple maps and compasses after he's done?
If you have the possibility to be an actor in a movie or serie, what movie or serie you choose ?
I have this dream world in my head but it’s starting to feel like I’m supposed be there and not in the real world
Continue the life you're living or re-start it? Which one would you choose?
What socially acceptable behavior do you absolutely hate?
What would you do if dinosaurs came back to earth much stronger.
What are basics in your field that everyone should know how to do?
Those with metal detectors what’s your best finds be it strange or cool?
Redditors who have given fake lottery tickets to people, how did they react after finding out the tickets were fake?
What thing did do regularly, only to find out you shouldn't do it?
What was the fastest way you have seen someone ruin their entire life?
What are some of the topics you talk about while at work?
Reddit college/varsity drop outs, how has life been after dropping out, was it a good decision or one that you rue every second of your existence?
What are some really weird or unusual names that can have normal nicknames?
Worst reason to be fired? Recently fired for typo on a Facebook post, seeing who has worse reason.
If you can adapt/reboot any property into a movie (video games, musicals, books, etc), what would it be and why?
How has your life changed for the better?
People who studied languages at university how did you master it?
What big purchase are you planning in the next few months?
What is one small money saving method earned you a handsome return?
Millennials, what’s your side hustle that helps you get by?
Is sign language everywhere in the world the same or does every country has their language own like verbal language?
What is something that people don’t seem to mind, but to you is annoying?
Is the way to a woman's heart is through her vagina? Why or why not?
If you were an artifact that couls cause an effect on the user, what object would you be and what power would you bestow upon the user (Are there any downsides to the use)?
[Serious] What change would you most like to see in society in your lifetime?
Is there any way to download and run an application from your USB without requiring an admin password to run it?
Europeans of parents from different european ethnicities, which ethicity among the two you mostly identify with and feel affinity for ?
Who were the hottest cartoon characters ever?
What should you buy from a pharmacy that's closing (everything's on clearance) to get the best discounts?
Dear philosophers of reddit, what is the meaning of life to you?
What will Never be Affected by Climate Change?
What was your college major, and how did you decide on it?
[Serious] What hard truth were you denying? What made you accept it?
What happens to a man during a strip search?
Is there somebody in your friendgroup that you don't like, but only interact with him because he's in your group of friends. And if so, why?
What is the most painful shot you've ever gotten?
ASTROLOGY MONEY SPELLS MAMA KINTU [+27729144467 ]Randburg ALL YOUR FINANCIAL PROBLEMS UK Denver Brazil Brunei Bulgaria Burkina Faso
if you could fuse any two movies together what would they be?
What will the first Reddit post with 300k upvotes be about?
What if it's not "Land of Ta" but "Land of T. A."?
How do you know your in love ?
Which Anime should I watch? As a first time watcher due to curiosity because of my friends' Anime addiction, I decided to give it a try. One of them suggested 'Deathnote'. I watched the first 1, 2 mins and lost interest. Please give me any titles that are easy to follow and are interesting, Thanks!
I need WordPress job. I can design your website in WordPress. Does anyone need a WordPress website?
I've never had a deja vu. How does it feel?
Which is the worst song you wouldn't let your coworkers know you listen often?
What's the most fucked up song you've heard before?
LEGO video games: LEGO Chess :: your favorite series : _?
What is love? (Words to make this post longer so it won't be removed.)
What did your parents do to you as a kid that still messes you up as an adult?
What's the best flirty joke you know?
What things can you do, that take less than 5 minutes and really benefit you, if done daily?
It's 2019 and we still don't have _____.
Dear Redditors, what are some simple joys in your life that keep you moving forward?
Do you know anyone who is passionate about learning? What are they like?
What was that moment when you knew you had to take responsibility without your parents help?
A lot of people have huge egos how do you knock them down to reality?
Vegetarians of Reddit: When did you accidentally eat meat?
Help ?? Just looking for genereal advice i guess ?
What was your shining moment in high school sports?
What is something totally innocent and harmless you can do that will totally freak out people around you?
Cops of Reddit, what's the creepiest call you've ever received?
What is your opinion of people who commonly spread emotionally attached misinformation about their preferred tech?
What do you do when all your mates start getting into class a drugs?
What is some bad parenting that messes kids up?
Who is the most underrated person in history?
Could you suggest financial planning for senior citizens?
If you were to give a TED Talk, what would it be about ?
What the most successful marketing campaign you have personally ever seen?
Redditors who have been cheated on, how do you move on and gain the will to trust people again ?
Prisoners or prisonguards of reddit, does "droping the soap" exists and what other interesting stuff you'd like to share?
If you had $1 million and wanted to do the most effective thing(s) possible to help combat Climate Change, how would you use those funds?
(Serious) If God allowed you to create an Angel, that would always be with you, anyway you wanted, what would name him/her and what would their powers be?
People of Reddit, what were some predictions you made in your life which actually came true?
Happy Monday Reddit, what do you want to accomplish this week?
Redditors who have gotten an ask reddit question to blow up, how did u do it?
Which TV or movie character do you feel like you “know” really well?
How do I just stop procrastinating and make my life better?
[Serious] What are good ways to socialize with people you’ve talked to rarely
What was a sign at your friend/family member’s wedding that their marriage wouldn’t last?
Sax Players of Reddit, what are your opinions on Careless Whisper
How many of us get Sleep Paralysis? What do you experience or see while its happening?
What gives you strong feelings (positive or negative) that really shouldn't?
What’s the craziest glitch in the matrix you’ve ever witnessed?
i dont think any civillian should be able to legally obtain firearms
Which of these remote desktop software do you prefer?
[serious] When did you realise your childhood home wasn't a good or normal environment to grow up in?
From someone who's never tried, what does it feel like to do meth, or heroin, or cocaine or even weed?
Non-Americans of Reddit: Do you find that Americans sympathize with your inferiority complex?
Which of your flaws do you believe is most apparent to others and why?
Please can someone tell me the name of this projector/lightshow? https://i.imgur.com/KuNyosM.gifv
What is meant by moral realism? Is it the thing where we can't know whether anything is right or wrong?
What was something good/useful that was made with not so good intentions?
Gamers of reddit: what is one game that deserves far more publicity and praise then it gets
Was christianity just a back story for Jesus's Christs book to become very popular?
Is it rude to ask a question after being asked a question? For example, A co-worker asks me what it means when a yellow light flashes on a badge door light, instead of being red or green (red means no entry, green means entry). I asked what door is was. Is this considered rude?
Yo! Stretch! What part of your body did you stretch and how do you feel ?
Can workplace IT departments see reddit searches on corporate WIFI?
If you could write one new law that everyone had to obey, what law would you create?
You have the worlds undivided attention for 5 minutes, what do you want to let everybody know? [Serious]
What phone would be better, Samsung Galaxy S9 or A70 and why?
People of Reddit, what was your James Bond moment?
What would make you decide to stop using Reddit instantly?
What is the word for fart in your language?
People of Reddit, how do I become a more productive and efficient person?
What are some BS questions you want answered ?
What did you learn in school that you thought made perfect sence, but later discovered that it made 0 sence?
What was your dumbest "searching for the glasses while having them on" moment?
So how can I make people believe in anything I say, for magic purposes of course?
Gamers of Reddit, with all the crappy payed content coming out lately, what is one DLC or expansion pack that you bought that was worth the purchase?
What are some “guy codes” girls don’t know about?
What is something totally normal that just makes your skin crawl?
People of reddit, what is your worst experience being drunk, and if you have any your blackout experience.
Reddit, what is the best Disney Movie soundtrack?
What is the best deal you have gotten on clothing?
What is the best way of getting out of a routine that is making you more and more depressed?
Married bisexuals on reddit, what is your relationship with your spouse like? What are your rules or such?
Which actor/actress do you think had the biggest fall from grace?
Students/Graduates, did you choose a practical career or did you stick to a passion? Do you regret it?
Should donors be paid for organ donations?
Rich people who started out poor, how did you do it?
What was your biggest 'oh fuck' moment?
What’s an awesome idea that you would do to help the less fortunate/ homeless in your community?
People of Reddit, what's the strangest thing you've said/heard?
What's the weirdest fear you have or know somebody has?
Prresident Trump pulls out or keep it in after he's done?
Disabled People Of Reddit, When has your disability actually benefited/help you in a difficult situation?
What is the most useless "life hack" you have seen/heard?
Just moved to a new place. Its empty and I'm all alone. What movies will terrify me?
Have you ever dreamt of something during your sleep then decided to do it/act on it in real life?
What’s a weird real life place you want to visit?
What's something that shows up in movies and TV shows that nobody gives a second thought to but would never happen in real life?
What's a small decision you made that backfired horribly?
Your favourite anime character suddenly becomes real, who is it and how cool would it be?
You have three wishes. What would they be?
Doctors/nurses of reddit, which patient do you still think about that you don’t see anymore?
What are some alternative expansions to common abbreviations?
What is the most embarrassing thing you’ve done while nervous?
Scientists of Reddit- How close are we to curing or dramatically decreasing Cancer?
What's an interesting, but realistic, pet to have?
[serious] People who have survived a suicide attempt, whats your story?
If you had been given the opportunity to travel in time once, no matter how far, where’d you go and why?
Does anyone know a place where they stream TV series or movies for free?
Did you ever think of a good game/book/tv show/movie ideia that you'll never use cause you don't work with these things?
People of Reddit,what clothes do you prefer to wear on an everyday casual basis?
What celebrity do you share a first/last name with?
What is the scariest thing that has happened to you?
What other fictional character is kinda like Godzilla in that they try to help, but they're just so powerful/big that they fuck shit up without even trying to?
Parents of Reddit, after having your first kid, what changes in your life or communication with your partner surprised you the most?
Whats a good name for a team of engineers and techys working together
Men of reddit, what is something a mom should know about raising a son?
What’s the worst vacation you’ve ever experienced and why?
What is a negative trait that makes a character more relatable?
What events that got a global attention?
Would you rather poop from your mouth or have your mouth pooped into?
People who lost their friends, family or dear ones in plane crashes/missing flights, how difficult were the following hours for you?
What simple, clear instructions do people always struggle to follow?
What are good tips and tricks to save money (as a poor person on the brink of homelessness)?
What is the first thing you notice about a person ?
Apart from the grossly overpriced "Apple Stand" for $999, what else do you think is just too expensive?
What's the most remarkable thing you've done so far this week?
What food always gives you bad gas?
My tips when trying to quit smoking weed?ive smoked for 6years nonstop everyday. I tried to quit but it’s extremely hard to do so. I can’t eat, can’t sleep, can’t stay calm. I’m always angry. Is their any tips I can do to help sustain this until the thc leaves my body? Please help
Redditors who suffered from a freak accident, how?
People of reddit what weird things have you woken up to?
What is the worst decision you have ever made? What is the best decision you have ever made? you are given the opportunity to erase them, but only if you erase both. would you do it?
Hey guys i want 2 recover my gmail but i didn't enter any recover email or number i tried to recover but i won't let me recover my gmail, anyone knows some solution?
Why do you think the word "homo" is offensive when the word "hetero" isn't considered an offensive word?
Dark mode users, why do you want to use dark mode? Do you still turn it on in the morning?
Why is creating a company and sustaining it so diffictult?
Is anyone actually happy with their lives?
do you believe in the paranormal? why or why not?
In some citizenship tests, you must recite lines from the country’s national anthem. What song should they use instead of the national anthem for your country for a real test of citizenship?
People of Reddit, how can we destroy fortnite?
What’s your pick for the most underrated movie from 2011?
As a child with a dog, how many of you faked choking to see what they would do?
What was the final straw that made you end your relationship/marriage/partnership?
What are good songs to test expensive headphones?
What are your plans for this weekend?
Therapists of Reddit, what are some examples of domestic, child, or animal abuse that people admitted to? Is that the reason they went into therapy?
My workplace is highly biased towards women. Men aren't respected. Should I keep my expectations low, ignore it and keep pushing forward? Or should I consider my conscience that I should quit? I know this is silly, but I am in a knot.
For Reddit Mods, what do you work as that allows you to have so much time to browse Reddit?
People of Reddit. Ask about Islam. Ask anything. Dont hate. Dont ask me to prove Islam. This post is to educate. What would you like to know?
What was your "this looks like a job for me" moment?
What's the most you have ever lost on a coin toss?
Which do you people of Reddit prefer, Parks and Recreation or The Office?
Reddit, Who’s the Luckiest Person You Know?
What is a subreddit that used to be great years ago but no longer is?
What is the most embarrassing thing you have said to your boss at work?
Call center agents, what was the call that made your realize that this wasn’t the job for you?
Karens of reddit, do you have a bob hair cut? Have you ever asked to speak to the manager? How do you feel about redditors making fun of your name?
What is the most stupid thing you forgot somewhere?
What is a dream you had that later came true? (Serious replies)
How do you know when someone likes you over text?
What is your favorite Family Guy moment?
What is the funniest thing you saw someone do who thought he wasn't being watched?
What would you do if you suddenly and unexpectedly won the 2020 US presidential election?
is it just me or have feminist become more violent then abusive men?
What video game series did you play the most as a kid?
What is something you were once afraid and are now proud to say?
Is there an easy way to convert a pdf chart to google spreadsheets?
What’s the best thing to do when stranded 2,000 miles from “home”... heart broken... and near broke?
Best areas to live around Denver Co?
(Besides Hey Bulldog) what is the most underrated song by The Beatles?
Has anyone ever had / or is in a relationship with a SO who is significantly more attractive than you?
Straight Men of Reddit, how often do you think about becoming a girl and having lesbian sex?
Are sons still preferred over daughters and why tho?
Can North Africans say the N word? If not, why cant they say it?
Which super popular companies do you think are going to shit?
It’s almost 2020, What technology are you upset that doesn’t exist yet?
For those who have been on the "deep web", what is the most disturbing thing you saw?
What is the real life equivalent to defeating a boss, thinking you won but then you hear the boss theme start up again and the boss is tougher with another phase?
What are the best free to play phone games?
To all redditors, what you eat for breakfast, lunch and dinner?
If your friends jumped off a building, would you?
What are some things you believe that you don't have a reason for believing?
What are some unusual/unlikely animal that make great pets
For parents: What's your "finally, my child is growing up" moment?
What's the best excuse to get out of a social event you just don't want to go to?
What is something you find weird about people from your own country?
If the Fortnite community was better, would the game be more appealing?
Military Redditors, what is basic training really like?
Why and how are people being arrested for flashing and streaking, but nothing is done when unsolicited dick pictures are sent?
Amish people of Reddit how’s Rumspringa treating you?
[SERIOUS] People who have appeared in porn (consensually or unconsensually), how has it affected your life?
What part of your story could someone never tell by the cover?
Janitors, what's the worst thing you had to clean up at your job?
Police officers of Reddit, what's the dumbest thing you've witnessed at work?
Ladies, how many times does your man want sex in a week? Is that enough for you?
Redditors who comment your mom jokes. Do you realise your comments dont really get any upvotes?
What’s the one dream you will always remember?
What are the smartest decisions you can make after coming into a sizeable amount of money $50,000+ ?
Doctors of reddit, what was that “how the F*CK did you manage do that” moment when seeing a patient?
What's your group chat's current name, picture, and/or theme?
Redditors that moved to a new state or country for a fresh start, how did it impact your life?
Women of Reddit, what size penis gave you the best sex of your life?
What is the most controvesial title to a mundane news story that you have ever seen?
Redditors who had to deal with a customer "calling corporate" on you; What did you do, what did they do, and what did corporate do?
Is the usage of water in hotels monitored and if yes do they charge plus?
Do you send emojis? Why and when?
Redditors who have gone to the airport, got your boarding pass, checked in your bags, but missed your flight - why?
What is the best advice ever given to you?
For the lawyers out there. What's your favorite jurist and why?
What turned your nice family vacation into a living nightmare?
What’s something you can teach me in 5-10min?
Who in your opinion was/is the most dominant athlete ever and why?
[Serious] What's your creepy "glitch in the matrix" story?
What Pokemon would be the best to eat/best tasting? (Excluding slowpoke tails)
Wolf lovers, what are some interesting facts that you know about wolves?
What one thing do you regret most in your life?
Frequent flyers of Reddit, what’s the most bizarre thing you’ve seen on your flight?
What is 1 smell you will never forget?
Ladies, if your partner gave you free range to sleep with someone else, but he wants to watch, would you do it?
Redditors of Reddit, why do you preface questions like this if only redditors will answer them anyway?
What kind of pressures would need to be achieved to force in amount of water equivalent to Niagara Falls through a really long standard size pipe?
AskReddit, Why are you in a bad mood and how is it your fault?
What aspects about other countries do you find strange or can’t wrap your head around?
People who’ve lived through natural disasters of any kind, what happened?
What guns do you have in your house?
What, in your opinion, is the perfect video game?
Sugar babies of reddit, how did your family and friends respond to this choice?
What was the best memory of your life?
When did you realize you don't look your age?
[Serious] In relation to Lawyers, Judges, Officers, Detectives, etc. etc., what do District Attorneys do?
Who is a celebrity that you absolutely hate?
if you could get rid of 1 emotion in the entire world to make it a better place, which would you pick and how would it make this a better world?
how can i imagine a color i haven't seen?
What is your favorite quote from Rick and Morty
How did you earn money as a child?
What is the worst Ask Reddit question you've ever seen?
Someone on reddit says their favourite thing is you, what do you say?
What is the feeling of love? how to explain it?
Parents of reddit: What did you realize you took for granted (big or small) before having children?
What’s the best dream you’ve ever had?
Never had a date I am 36 and never kiss or made out with anyone am i ugly
Who's someone in history who just wouldn't die?
When has someone assumed something awful or incorrect about you and just wouldn't let it go?
What unusual pet do you own and why do have it?
What's something you don't mind doing but get disgusted if you see someone else do it?
What is the worst thing your Ex done to "get revenge" on you?
People of Reddit who fell in love with your bestfriend. How did you dealt with it?
Have you ever saved someone’s life because of something you learned/saw on Reddit? If so, what was that information?
Hey people sorting by new, wasnt it enough? Why dont you just close reddit and do something useful?
What's something you're really excited about right now but seems too insignificant to tell anybody?
Cashiers of Reddit: what is the weirdest combination of foods someone has bought?
Multilingualists of reddit, do you find it easier to convey an idea in some languages than others?
What is the chances of becoming a successful metal trap screamer rapper?
Whats the most effective advertisement you've ever seen?
What is the name of the movie where the Titanic sinks?
i want to hook up with this girl i’m talking to but we’ve been talking for a whole day and honestly i don’t have good game. what should i say so that she gets i wanna hook up with her the next day(same school)
What is your least favorite public place?
What sign is up somewhere because of something you did?
What movie plot didn't make any sence but is still highly appreciated?
Do you play the Sims? And if so, what is the funniest thing that happened in the game?
what is the best movie of 2019 so far?
Why do dogs eat grass and is it bad for them
New Yorkers of Reddit, how do you think Jay-Z must have felt when back in middle school, one of his classmates told him "Your mom's gay"?
What do you do if your penis accidentallly touches the top porcelain part of a public urinal?
Is it okay to change my IG profile picture to me Flexing my biceps in front of a mirror?
Have u thought of anything so dark you scared the hell out of yourself?
How did you come up with your Reddit username?
What are your favorite songs for getting over a breakup?
If your parents decide to snoop your phone completely, what would shock them the most ?
Whats a time you had a accident in a shooting range and how did it turn out?
how will a person not get downvote
I want only downvotes on this post please
Why did the chicken cross the road?
What were one of your best/worst “I take it back” moments?
What's the most professional way to tell a colleague to "suck a dick from the back?"
Americans of Reddit, why is it such a big deal if an athlete doesn't want to sing your national theme before a game?
What tv characters would you fuck marry kill?
The government can only use tax money for five things: what are those five things?
Game designers, what are some tips for those who who want to be one?
Atheists and Agnostics of Reddit: Are you really an Atheist or Agnostic? Can you say it out loud? F*CK God F*ck The Holy Ghost? The unforgivable sin. Why or why not?
What was your first kiss like and how did it all go down?
What do you hate that other people love?
Best game for the first iPod touch?
What's the most cringe way you tried to empress a girl?
How do you talk to your partner about sex in a respectful way if they do nothing to help you orgasm?
Possible Discussion on /r/AskReddit in post "Atheists and religious people of Reddit, what do you find most fascinating about what the other group believes?"
Hypochondriacs of reddit, at what point did you realise you weren't dying and it was all in your head?
What made you say your coworker is an absolute mad lad?
Is it possible to get a sunburn in your gut, if you insert a uv lamp and what would the skin peel?
Where does Iron Maiden's Somewhere In Time (1986) rank among your favorite albums of all time and why?
Hey Reddit, what is the phrase that is exclusive to your friend group and what does it mean?
Do you have a go-to daydream or fantasy you like to think of?
People of reddit, my husband and I got into a debate about this, where do pickles go on a cheeseburger?
What would be the best jokes, gags, plot twists, and storylines to add to Star Wars to turn it into a comedy?
What are some good offline mobile games to kill time?
Why are some people's hangovers much worse than others after having consumed the same amount of alcohol?
/u/AutoModerator on Why do people in developing countries have a high fertility rate and reproduce like pigs?
What is the oops moment you done today?
How much do you spend at the bar on a weekend night?
If a stranger asked an Advice for life, what would you say?
Why is the US constitution seemingly unable to be changed?
If Buzz lightyear didn’t believe he was a toy, then why did he freeze whenever a human would walk by?
Cabbies of Reddit, what all weird things have your passengers said or done?
What is the absolute weirdest video that has popped up in your YouTube recommendations?
What’s the best “hole in the wall” spot in your city?
What's something you did while you were mad that you regret?
Dear Reddit. If 9+10=21... does that mean 21-10=9?
If you were forced to fully learn a language what would you choose?
Hey redditors! What is something that you like (movies,books,games,music,whatever you have in mind) that you would recommend to other redditors?
What's the worst thing you've ever had to tell to a family member/friend?
Why do people get downvotedyl, when they comment about having sex with children? (wrong answers only)
What is the most notorious Senior Prank in the history of your high school?
Would you recommend taking 5 classes for my first year of community college? (goal is transferring to a 4 year university to obtain a bachelors, i’m trying to follow the cognitive psychology prerequisites)
What is the lamest or corniest joke that you've heard that made you upset or mad?
What will you use to protect yourself in a zombie invasion?
How much wood could a woodchuck chuck, if a woodchuck could chuck wood?
Am I required to clean up throw up if I’m not management? Or can I be fired for refusing to? Colorado, USA
How wrong is it to hate gay people?
Michael Joseph Jackson. Innocent as a 10 year old boy, or as guilty as a child molester? You decide...
What's the worst thing to put into a candy bar?
Guys who have foot kinks, when was a time a girl inadvertently showed off her feet/soles, which then turned you on?
People of reddit, what’s your “Hans, are we the baddies” moment?.
Is it normal to remember memories in third person?
What is a small everyday thing that is pleasurable/satisfying to you when it happens?
Is anyone else feeling as if Microsoft is refusing to help fix xbox gamertag related problems?
Sex people of reddit, what are your top tips for picking up the clunge?
What did you not see, even though it was right in front of you?
Should minors be able to choose to be vaccinated without their parents consent, even if parents are actively opposed?
Paramedics and First Responders of Reddit, what's your most uplifting/inspirational story?
Other than jelly, what’s good on a peanut butter sandwich?
Was life growing up the same as it is now?
What one-liner or saying has always stuck with you?
If you could choose between a gf or a bff wich one whould you choose?
What would make any of you kind Redditors gift their fellow Redditor this completely useless silver?
What do you consider a red flag 🚩 when dating or in relationship
What can be done to combat the years of stigmatization and institutional oppression towards the heterosexual community?
If an Alien visited Earth, what would be the most embarrassing thing you could tell it about human history, or humans in general?
Gonna start a new job as a University professor next month. How can be successful?
You are destined to die from a disease of your choice, which one would you pick?
What are some of the Pros and Cons of sharing the same birthday as your Significant Other?
People who had tried out Chatroulette (or any similar site),what’s something that happened on there that you still remember?
What makes you enjoy your time alone?
What’s the best way to get laid?
I'm going to major in marketing for a college degree. What can I do with a marketing degree? Do you like/love your job?
What song do you play when you hammered and trying to chill/pass out?
What high school stereotypes were your parents and what stereotype are you?
Can you get a banana out of you peehole, im asking for a friend?
what’s the weirdest thing you’ve been asked in public ?
Google plus users of Reddit, what did you like about it?
What is the best example of the 'butterfly effect' you have known?
If you could bring back one extinct animal, Which one would you pick?
If someone says "old people food", what do you think of?
What do you think is the minimum salary a person needs to have all of their main necessities?
Did you know that some people put their milk in the bowl before their cereal? That sometimes people wear socks with sandals? There are people out there who fill their bathtub up halfway, block the drain, then turn on the shower and pretend they’re in a sinking submarine.
Why do yall think Im Halle Berry?
What are some good psychological horror games that you would suggest for me to play?
What is the funniest joke you know?
What the most disgusting thing you’ve ever done that you refuse to tell anyone?
What's the weirdest thing you've seen on someone else's electronic?
What niche trivia category could you completely dominate?
[Serious] people involved in their first threesomes, how did it happen and how has life been after? ( Any repercussions)
Are you happy, why or why not?
Have you ever gotten anything on the Black Market? What did you get? Did it go as expected?
[r/AskReddit] Non Americans of Reddit, what is the craziest rumor you heard about America that turned out to be true?
What do you guys think is the acceptable short length?
What brings you peace in your life?
[Serious] What are your thoughts of a person doing something for an immoral goal or wish but result will be Good/Justice Ex. A person will slay a dragon but he wants to marry the kings daughter?
What obvious lie did you take in stride?
How do you think, you will die?
If you could try any fictional drug what would you choose?
What’s the best way to save time?
What is a completely fake fact you know that sounds entirely genuine?
What little change dramatically improved your life?
What are things a good subreddit has?
How do you think you are going to die?
Why do subreddit mods pin their normal non mod related comments on posts when they comment, couldn't that be considered karma whoring?
Where do I post to ask people about their opinion on a possibly creepy encounter with a person following me on insta?
Overtalkers: When you talk and talk and talk and talk and talk long after a person has stopped participating in the conversation, what exactly is going on in your head?
You're in the middle of a zombie apocalypse. What do you do to survive?
How did you navigate your midlife crisis?
Users of Reddit, how do you feel about the "Rotten Tomatoes" ranking company?
Have you ever come across a person who has said I’ve had a lot of friends in his/her later years?
Waiters and Waitresses of Reddit, what do you wish people outside the industry knew?
What are obvious red flags? Did you see them fast enough?
What are some good YouTube channels that you can listen to without watching?
What weirdly specific talent or skill of yours has come in handy way more times than people would think?
A machine is created that turns.your thoughts into code. What program or video game would you create?
Reddit folk, what is currently your biggest problem in life right now?
What's the mom equivalent of a dad joke?
What are some tips to be a better husband?
How many times have you fucked and what was your best score?
How much is daycare where you're from?
To those who were afraid of driving, how did you get over your fear?
What is there to be gained from anti-intellectualism?
What is your favourite text from someone?
Women of Reddit, what makes you match someone on Tinder ? (Or any other app)
What are some stupid laws you know of from past till now?
Is it weird to keep a basket full of my dogs toys in the living room even though he passed away many months ago?
What’s the best situation to meet friends?
[Serious] What's troubling you most right now?
My car won’t drive when i put it in drive it had the message “vehicle not in park” its a 2014 dodge citadel [Serious]
People of reddit, How do you stop yourself from overthinking ?
If Gordon Ramsey could cook one meal for you, what would it be and why?
What is the worst way you have been betrayed?
Window Washers of Reddit, what is the weirdest/strangest thing you saw when you were looking through a window?
What is your vision of a sustainable society? And how would you reach it?
You are given a lifespan of 1200 years but the cost is being sent back 1000 years. Would you do that? Why?
Expats of Reddit, what are your best tips when moving to another country ?
If mirrors recorded everything they saw, whats the most embarassing thing it would have on record?
Does Coca-Cola taste differently in different countries?
People of Reddit, what have you done that you wished that you never did?
What skill/talent that can't be acquired (or mastered) through practice no matter how hard you try?
If you had the ability to travel in time, where will you go first and what would you do?
Scientists Of Reddit: What was the worst thing that was ruined by science for you?
What made you the prick you are today?
What SFW objects have you masturbated with?
Why isn’t there a sub like r/teenagers but for your 20’s
What is the last post you saved?
What's the most interesting thing you've seen that made you question your existence
What’s the biggest secret that you’ve only written in your diary about?
Where can I post a long toxic relationship / breakup story on reddit that won't get instantly removed?
What's the best car window sun shield for blocking the sun?
People of Reddit, what is the most defeated you have ever felt? And on a scale of 1-10 how bad was it.
What kind of scene in movies makes you look away/close your eyes/uneasy ?
You can go back in time but you can only say on sentence to only one person, what will you say and to whom?
What's the best and most environmentally friendly way to clean a frequently used whiteboard?
Karens of Reddit. How do you feel about the usage of your name for entitled antivaxx boomers with the infamous haircut?
Homosapian females of Reddit, are looks/money really secondary if the person is nice enough?
Best website like kahn academy for math
What is the worst thing you have seen while at school?
How long does it take to write a (good and somewhat complicated) song?
Redditors with anxiety, what are small and simple yet effective ways that you deal with it?
What aspect of a former relationship are you missing in your current relationship?
Redditors who are physically fit, what are some tips to staying healthy?
/u/AutoModerator on What's the best way to make friends at university?
What are some things that absolutely no one, whoever they are, likes
Now that apple is selling a piece of aluminium for $999, what's the most overpriced product that people will still buy?
Whats the most trouble you got for just wanting to help a friend?
People who have lived in haunted houses: what was the scariest experience that happened to you?
why do gays and lesbians have more right nowadays than 20 or even 30 years ago ?
People of reddit who are no longer on speaking terms with family members, how and why did it happen?
Principals of reddit, what was the funniest “excuse me what?” moment?
What is like eating an American Girl?
Medical staff of Reddit- What are some of the worst cases of hypochondria you have ever dealt with?
men, you are on a date with a cute girl, she comes over, takes off her shoes and her feet have the most sour, putrid, moldy, rancid, noxious, revolting smell. What are some ways you can humilate her in public because of this?
Who's the Peter Pettigrew in your country's politics?
How do you deal with people in your family who are painfully basic?
Users of reddit, if you could have any advantage over other redditors what would it be?
What was the last bite of food food or sip of drink that you consumed?
Do you think social interaction should be taught at school?
Redditors over the age of 25 who are STILL virgins... What went wrong?
What is the strongest form of birth control?
What would you guys rather happen? Doctors get better at care giving/competently answering questions but be worst at bedside manner OR better at bedside manner but worst at care giving/competently answering questions?
The forbidden to walk on the cultivated lawn, how put in place ?
What do you think is fun, that a lot of people think is boring?
How do you get through each day?
What was the weirdest story of the “birds and the bees” you’ve heard?
Do you think the Forrest Fenn's treasure is actually hidden?
What are some entry level jobs that are not customer-facing?
What's an expensive purchase that you regret making?
What’s the worst thing you’ve ever done and do you regret it? Why or why not?
Celebrities of reddit, how would you prefer your fans interact with you when you're spotted in public?
What's the strangest/creepiest/most remarkable Reddit account you've ever seen?
If you were to write a short poem about your arch nemesis, how would it go?
Husbands/wives what is something extra you wish your wife/husband did for you?
Bored people of reddit, what games and apps do you keep to entertain you?
Veterinary professionals of Reddit, what are things that you wish that owners would learn about having a pet?
What common food have you never had?
[serious] what’s the strangest/creepiest thing you’ve ever seen outside of your window ?
What is the nicest/most pleasant paranormal experience you’ve ever had?
What's a song that you could listen to forever?
Do you consider yourself as a lazy person and why do you have this opinion?
To the twins, what is the most awaked or embarrassing moment you and your twin have gotten into together?
What’s one thing that no matter how many times you do it it still feels weird to do?
Bakers/Cake shop workers of reddit, what’s the craziest thing you’ve had someone ask for you to write on their cake? What was the story?
[Serious] How did you handle the loss of a parent passing away?
Why dont you Get 4.3 Karma from 4.3 upvotes?
What’s the most uninteresting thing you’ve seen in a non isolated place?
What is a small quality of life thing that would make living so much easier?
High school failures of Reddit, did failing a class affect your future life?
Why is such a large percentage of reddit users virgin?
What was the stupidest thing u faught about with ur wife?
What’s a good question to ask on r/AskReddit?
People of reddit who have caught their parents cheating. How did it affect the family?
What numbers seem to follow you around?
Does anyone here have lift and carry fantasy?
Age 19. June 1st I won ~4 million dollars in a lottery. Very impulsive nature. How should I best proceed?
Give me karma to support free speech. To share differing opinions/views without 10 minute timeout
What are the most expensive decisions a person can make?
What's the worst thing you texted to the wrong person?
What’s something everyone loved that you hate?
What is something you bought that you regretted right after?
Who would you want as a personal mentor?
What was the worst/funniest thing, that happened on your first date with a new person?
Is losing weight or keeping it off more difficult?
Ex-bullies of Reddit, why did you do it? And what made you stop?
Teachers of Reddit, have you ever had a depressed student? If so, what did you do?
People who have had a cast in both hands at the same time what was life like in that period of time?
How would American quality of life increase if we devoted less of our time to money/work?
How do you deal with annoying people you are forced to deal with often?
What is the weirdest food combo you can think of that might actually be good?
What was your favorite hobby as a kid?
What was your favourite "Haha, oh..." moment?
Innocent people of Reddit, what is something immoral, creepy, unethical, or illegal that you have been blamed for that even though you’re completely innocent of, you can understand why people thought you were guilty?
If subreddit where famous people, which would be which?
Is this "kimono" blouse okay to wear if you're not Japanese?
How much longer until we get eco-terrorist groups like AVALANCHE? Why is no one fighting as a last resort??
Carnival Cruise ship employees how would someone contact you if all they had was a first name, nationality, and a job description? I was recently on the Carnival Paradise and met someone that I would like to get in contact with. Do you have crew/ staff email or a way to get information?
If you could transform into anything what would it be?
Who is the most underrated person in history?
What is the worst situation that happened while you were watching a movie with a friend/friends
How do you feel when your private life is publicised on social media? Is it a form of violence or acceptance of what society has become?
A secret government program offers you the choice to freeze yourself and wake up 100 years from now. To protect the secrecy of the program, you cannot contact anyone and have 6 hours to decide. Do you? Why or why not?
Gamers of Reddit, what was your least toxic interaction in an online game?
I’ve always wanted to make chicken tikka masala from scratch, but it always seemed overwhelmingly complicated. Once I made it last week I realized it wasn’t very difficult at all. Is there any dish in particular you were intimidated by, overcame and realized it was no biggie?
Whose texts are you ignoring right now?
How long should I bake a quadruple batch of supreme triple chunk Betty Crocker Brownies in a 10x14 inch pan?
Long-haul Truck drivers of reddit, what can the rest of us do out there to make your life easier?
Where is there porn from tranny pay or shemale nova either on a paysite or at the original quality ?
Let’s all pretend for the moment that God is 100% real and you are allowed to ask him up to 2 questions about anything after you die and receive the 100% truth. (Like how were the pyramids built/who built them, where did HIV actually originate from? Etc) what question(s) would you ask?
Which movie or TV series characters had an influence on your personality/thinking?
Which would you live in if you had money Penthouse or Mansion?
Woman of reddit, how bigs your cock?
What was something you thought would never happen to you personally but it actually did?
(Serious) What are some careers in the science/psychology field that require little to no math skills?
If you were granted the ability to take on the trait of another living organism to have for the rest of your life, what would you choose?
What is something that your company has normalized, but is actually illegal?
What should you do on cake day?
What security risk does ecommerce involve ?
What stupid thing would you do if you knew it wouldn't hurt or kill you?
Should your SO also be your bestfriend?
[serious] Has anyone ever tried to kill or severely harm you?
What's are some good tips for negotiating?
What makes "A Walk to Remember" the best romantic movie of all time?
What does your car say about you ?
Why doesn't medic's healing gun fix demoman missing eye?
What’s the best subreddit for helping other people work together to identify someone/something?
What’s something bad you’ve done and gotten away with in the moment, but months/years later faced the consequences?
what are things that should only be gifted to you, and would be considered bad luck (or a bad omen) if you bought it for yourself?
What's your story about being caught masturbating?
Does the fact that this text is ended with a period annoy you.
Redditors that have been in an accident/ near death experience, how did it affect/change your life?
You're locked in a room with your mortal enemy, the object to your right is your weapon, only one person leaves. How did the fight go?
Where are you going on your next vacation?
What are your weird habits you engage in when no one is looking?
What's your favorite song(s) at the moment?
Manual labourers, what is something non-manual labourers get wrong about working with your body?
Whats an underrated song you know of that deserves more publicity?
Teachers and students of reddit, what are the unwritten “school rules” that people always break?
How to not hold a grudge against someone?
What everyday inconvenience do you wish never existed?
People who were falsely accused, what were you charged for? Were you arrested ou fined?
What are two lies and a truth about yourself?
What's a recent sexual encounter you've been wanting to talk about?
Passive and quiet passive, who would not stand for themselves, that made the shift to a more active and dominant lifestyle: What did you do to make that change? What triggered it? How do you compare your current life to the previous one?
What insecurities did you manage to accept and loved yourself for? How did you do it?
Did you end up in the career you would always dreamed of? Why or why not?
Do you think all Oompa Loompas are the same color or Wonka just enslaved one race?
Has any man with a large penis had the life experience that it has been a curse?
Professional safe crackers, or people who have opened safes that weren’t theirs, what is the craziest thing you’ve seen? Or the coolest?
What story do you not want to end up on a Youtube compilation?
What are you hoping to learn or improve in the next 12 months?
Why do so many people hate California? What did we do to harm you so much?
Redditors of Reddit, what’s an inconvenient city?
People who are happily married or have been dating their SO for a long time, how often do you have sex?
Is it worth having a business account or becoming a Top Rated Seller on ebay and if so, why?
So I’m in a little bit of a predicament. So I’m at Atlantis in Bahamas and I am addicted to juuling. But don’t have a vape on me. Does anyone know where I could get any type of vape on this resort?
What is the scandal that happened in your family that caused irreparable damage?
Parents of reddit, what was your "yup, that's my kid" moment?
Do you give the Alphabet genders? Like A is female, B is male etc.
What's the worst case of social media addiction you've witnessed in real life?
Therapists of Reddit, from the experience of seeing people with signs of depression and such, do you ever confront those you see with those signs outside of work, such as a baristas or waiters?
What should happen to the former Baltimore mayor Catherine Pugh?
Who was your first love and how did it end?
What have you changed your mind about?
What project are you currently working on that you want to share with everyone?
How do I get over 100 karma?
[Serious] Musicians of Reddit, what did you believe as an infant?
What is the scariest movie you have ever seen?
People Reddit, tell me what was your first sexual experience?
[Serious] People in or who were in serious relationships now or in the past with sex workers, porn actors, etc.. How do/did you deal with jealousy, trust, etc.. issues?
What if there were "shit olympics games" what would the "sports" be?
What song channels two contrasting emotions at the same time?
How far would you go for love?
Dear redditors, what is your worst irrational fear?
What is a good recipe, I'm hungry
What is the first REALLY evil thing you can think of?
Girls of Reddit, what’s the thing you wish guys would stop messaging you?
How many ways can you please jacking off?
When is it time to cut a toxic person out of your life?
Salesmen/women of Reddit, what’s the weirdest that that happened with a client
The Zombie Apocalypse originates in your city. How does it start?
Why are all the front page posts relosts with 2 words changed?
If any, what racists beliefs have your parents shown to have?
What's the most hurtful time you got stabbed in the back?
What was the most embarrassing moment in your life?
Redditors, what is the story behind your Reddit username?
If the answer is “in my stomach,” what is the question?
Youtube sucks? Or is just me ?
What has happened in your life *was* like the movies?
Redditors who can admit that they’ve cheated on a S/O, what happened, why did you do it, and how do you feel about it now?
Hey reddit, with all the talk of the world maybe ending in 50 years, do you think humanity deserves to be saved? Why or why not?
Reddit, what is your greatest accomplishment so far?
What part of the body would you remove for 100 billion dollars?
People of reddit,when do products not work as intended?
If you were never taught a language what would thinking in your head be like?
What’s something you hate just because of its name?
You now are able to shapeshift into anything, but you only have the power for 1 day. What do you shapeshift into?
Wouldn't it be great if Atheists had somewhere to go (like a Church) for an hour or two every Saturday or Sunday, but instead of doing anything religious the options something like movies or board games?
Redditors, what if there was a prophecy about you out there and didn't know it, what do you think it would be about ?
What should be asked that it would get to the top of Reddit?
Dear Redditors, what's the blandest name you have ever heard?
How does one increase the size of their penis?
What’s more important? The type of pancake batter you use or the syrup?
can you know you are depressed? or if you think it means you're not?
What is the worst food poisoning experience you've ever had?
People who don’t need to try things because they’re popular, what planet are you from?
What’s one piece of advice you’d tell your younger self?
[serious]What’s most likely to be the next GIANT world news story that doesn’t fade in a day or two?
With conspiracies everywhere, does there exist a single thing that isn’t carefully planned and executed by corrupt people?
Where would you go when someone tells you that going back to the wilderness if where you'll be okay - what would that mean to you?
How many Reddit accounts do you have?
People of reddit, what is your story of people speaking in front of or about you in another language because they think you dont know it, that you actually know/understand?
What is a real life speed run you could set the record for?
What is the most incredibly beautiful place you’ve been in the world that you believe all people should visit before they die?
Non-Americans of Reddit, what stereotype about your country is completely true?
Teachers of reddit what was the dummest student you ever meet?
What’s your favourite food to snack on?
What’s the weirdest place you’ve peed when you couldn’t make it to a bathroom in time?
What comebacks do you think are gonna make a return in the 2020s?
What are signs of a perfect gentleman?
What's the most positive trend in video games right now?
What was the most important thing you learned from video games?
What's the dumbest thing you heard from a stranger (that was 100% sober.)
What is the scariest/creepiest post you've seen on Reddit? (Links please)
Where does Lady And The Tramp (1955) rank among your favorite films of all time and why?
What are things that are considered normal that you think are actually weird?
How is your night guys? Does anyone want to talk?
You have $1,000 to spend. What would you buy and why?
Cats of Reddit, when was the last time you dropped something off the table?
What would you prefer, going back to your last 3 years of school of serving 3 years at the army right now? Why?
What is your favorite color? (blue, black, green, white, red, yellow)?
Adults of Reddit, what have you always wanted to do/learn but now think you’re “too old for it”?
Hey Reddit, what’s some off-brand foods you enjoy more than the name brand versions?
Traffic cops : What are the lamest excuses you’ve heard from bad drivers?
What was the most disgusting thing you’ve ever seen somebody else do for money?
What do you wish you could unsee?
What’s an interesting 19th century novel to read?
What's the story on how you met your SO?
What’s one memory you wish you could relive over and over again?
Why do most of us get mad when we see reposted memes or memes that totally didn't happen? Isn't it's purpose to entertain us, whether it's original or not?
Do you ever just start crying out of nowhere and then go back to what you were doing as if nothing happened?
You get to rename an article of clothing with the goal of getting more people to wear it. What do you rename?
What does it mean when a girl says Do whatever you want constantly?
What technology did you poo poo when first introduced but now can't live without?
What is the coolest moments throughout history you would like to share?
Why is my mate Lundy a total bellend and crap at rocket league?
Medical professionals of Reddit, when did you have to tell a patient “I’ve seen it all before” to comfort them, but really you have never seen something so bad, or of that nature?
[Serious] Canadian here. What the hell is a post birth abortion?
If you could write one super negative sentence describing yourself, what would it be?
What is the most embarrassing thing you did and remember at school
(repost Cuz of errors) What was the hottest/sexiest thing to ever happen to you?
Janitors of reddit, what is the creepiest thing to happen to you while cleaning by yourself?
What's something that you're just naturally good at?
*(SERIOUS)* Dear redit, what was your worst "I helped a person and got fricked over for it"?
Do you ever feel you were born in the wrong time period? Which era do you wish you were born in(past or future)?
What podcasts are great to obtain knowledge instead of just "random stories"?
What would you do if you found a death note, or any object that could easily and secretly end the life of anyone ? [serious]
What do you do when you're starving at midnight and don't wanna get fat?
What are some good things to have on a summer bucket list?
What is your go to chill song?
Uber drivers of reddit, what's the weirdest encounter you've had?
Besides a house, what’s the single most expensive thing you’ve purchased?
What are some good ways to keep a conversation going? Either through text or in person.
How would you get the attention of everyone in New York city? ($2,500,000cap)
What is the most confusing thing you have ever seen in public?
What's the most wholesome or heart warming situation you've witnessed or been a part of?
What movies of all time do you HAVE to watch?
What are some of the best murder mystery movies?
What's the best thing that happened to you today?
Whats the largest animal you can kill with your bare hands?
What story or franchise do you love so much, you wish it lasted longer than it did or realistically will?
Cheaters of Reddit: What would you say if someone tried to justify your infidelity?
Bitcoin craze. Is it really the big thing in making a profit?
What are some awesome challenge ideas similar to the „the floor is lava“ or „you‘re on fire“ challenge?
Did I do enough to help a stranger to not commit suicide?
Why do some moderators ban for 15 days, 30 days, and sometimes permanently?
For those who have seen Sachs Baron Cohen’s Who is America, what are some of the most hilarious scenes or lines in it?
So basically you have a power to trick anyone into thinking that you are what you say you are how are you going to use it?
Parents of reddit, what have you yelled at your kids of doing that you’ve done in your childhood?
You have access to the best sound system and can play it at any volume you want. What's the first song you play?
Whats the worst nickname someone had/has that you know?
Has anyone ever been to a bootleg fast food restaurant? If so, what was it like?
Parents of Reddit, what was your grossest moment raising a child?
Has anyone ever died of asphyxiation after going to sleep with a completely stuffy nose? If no, why not?
Whats something that visually satisfies you that would seem strange to other people?
What would you do if Mick Jagger walked in on you taking a dump?
[serious] suicidal people of reddit, What has one person said that completely changed your view on the world
Is it possible to get a job at the age of 13-16? If so, what?
How common is Hayfever in your country and how severe do most people have it?
Weebs of Reddit, what anime tropes do you consider overused/annoying?
what's something we could create or achieve if everyone reading this post commits to helping? [serious]
I broke an outside car mirror because I had a breakdown and I am feeling bad because I am never going to see the car owner. What should I do?
Adults of reddit, now that you grew up which character of the Simpsons are you?
Should condiments on a burger (lettuce, tomato, pickle.) be on the bottom of the patty or the top?
What are some weird smells you enjoy?
What is your little nagging injury that if you could be bothered to go to the doctor, you would get fixed?
What’s the most annoying, frustrating situation you’ve ever found yourself in?
Who Is Chris Cantelmo and Why Is Everyone Talking About Him?
Is there someone, who has hit on a snake in the house? I’ve definitely heard hissing near my bed, but got at nothing. Any ideas what could it be?
Dear doctors and dentists of Reddit, what gross thing have you seen that made you want to take back those med school classes?
You have gone back in time to read the writings in the library of Alexandria before it was burnt. Turns out it was filled to the brim with historical smut and fanfics. Which one is your favorite?
Do you hate your username?, if so, would you change your username? And what would it be?
Dear redditors, what are some good places or activities to join in order to meet new people?? That are not expensive...
Men of Reddit, what is your true dream date? What do really want to do when going out on a date with someone? [Serious]
What would you change if you could go back in time and alter one event in history?
Which fictional TV show/movie is surprisingly accurate?
Women of reddit, what was your most awkward experience of someone trying to flirt with you?
Why do people who feel the need to blast their music out loud in a public area always have the worst or most annoying taste in music?
What got ruined because too many people started doing it?
Cashiers of big supermarkets/general stores of Reddit, what are some of the most stupid/weirdest costumers that you have ever seen?
Is the water out of a dehumidifier be distilled water?
Should a man who accidentally impregnates a woman be allowed to walk away from the resulting child with no responsibilities? Why or why not?
What are cool things to put in a care package for someone who broke their arm?
Whats the worst nightmare you have had?
Harry Potter fans, how would you destroy a Horcrux using only muggle methods?
If thought your uncle was cool why was he cool?
An eccentric billionaire wants to buy your pet(s). Assuming he will take good care of them, what's your price?
[Serious] People who have had their lives saved by someone else, how did they save you and what is your relationship with them now?
Carnival/Theme Park workers of Reddit, what is your craziest story?
If given an unlimited budget to make a movie or series, what would it be about and who would you cast?
If someone tells you they’re on a gap year do you assume they don’t have a job?
Are there online sites where straight dudes can meet straight dudes to go to football games and stuff?
At what point do you give up on your SO?
When did you loose a sh*t ton of money, just by being lasy?
What made you almost have an orgasm without doing anything sexual?
What is something you didn’t know as an adult and were too afraid to ask?
Past student of the Academy of Art University, what was your experiance like?
If you could drive the sports car of your choice for free, but everyone else just saw it as a Honda Civic, would you take it?
What song do you want played at your funeral?
How do you create a good tinder account if you hate any photo of yourself?
Redditors who are friends with Social Media influencers, how do you find your influencer friends? How has it effected your relationship?
What's your favourite YouTube channel and why should other people check it out?
Military folk, now that the Navy is encouraged to report sightings of UFO's, what are some of your personal stories and encounters?
What thing is perfectly legal but shouldn't be?
Reddit is 14 years old. So is Reddit 'Nibbi' or Nibba?
I was wondering if my loneliness was a problem, so I started meeting friends. Then I remembered I have no friends. How do people manage to get friends ?
Parents of Reddit, when did you get an argument with your child, only to later learn that he/she was right?
Users of Reddit, what’s your favorite “kids say the darndest things” moment?
What cringey phase did you go through in middle school/high school?
What is the most serious injury that you or someone you know has survived?
What is the most memorable Lego set you build with your dad/mom or sibling?
Why is every Jedi in the Star Wars movies a white cisgendered male? (Except for the ones that aren't.)
Elemental Lords of Reddit, what element do you control and how do you use it to satisfy your greed and/or lust for power?
If your country had to pick a modern (1950s-today) song to be its national anthem, what song would it be?
Today I got a call from my own number claiming to be ATT account verification. What can I do to stop this?
if you were a sex toy what toy were you and why?
What movie did you expect to be good but was actually horrible?
Fallout fans of Reddit, what would your real life S.P.E.C.I.A.L stats?
You have been recruited by the Eks-Men because of your super power that isn't that great. What is your power?
[SERIOUS] Redditors with life changing chronic, degenerative, and/or terminal illnesses, how did you deal with your diagnosis?
What do you do when you're feeling down?
People who have been in a Car chase with the Police. How did it start/go/end?
What brand of water is the best?
What’s the most professional way to tell a coworker to F off in an email?
Who had the funniest name you've come across?
What is the real world equivalent of getting hit with a Mario Kart blue shell?
Power Button Remains On After Windows Shut Down.
In what way is it wrong to have sex with your first cousin if you only share 12,5% DNA?
What's an interesting tech hack you would give?
Everyone has at least one great story. What's yours?
Hey why is it weird to be a 30 year old virgin?
When was your "Told You So" moment?
What is the worst logic you’ve heard being said in an argument?
I fucking love you or I love fucking you?
Anyone who went from fat to fit want to share their experience? I’m currently fat myself and I want some serious motivation to get my fatass up.
Have you ever met a real person with a high Wisdom, but a low Intelligence stat?
Whats it like dating a deaf girl?
Can afford one. Monster hunter world or sea of theives?
What’s something you did to impress your significant other’s parents?
Why did you break up with your "bestie"?
What type of conversations do you hate engaging in?
What's the most reasonable objection to (any) religion?
Ok Redditors, we have awards for quality posts. What kind of awards should we come up with for crappy posts/comments?
You can make a language but have only 1 person learn it who would it be and why
What are signs that you can trust someone no matter what?
After "Hi!", how do you like to initiate a conversation?
What is something weird you learned about your significant other only after moving in together?
What real life situation that happened to you mirrored the scene in a horror movie?
What do you all think about Non-binary gender?
Have you ever cut off one/both of your parents from your life? How and why?
You have 10,000,000£,but you can only buy things that are made in your country.what do you buy?
You are given one hour to spend $1,000,000, what do you do?
If you live alone, do you still lock your door when you use the bathroom?
Why do some Redditors delete their posts even though they have hundreds and more in upvotes?
Law judges, what was the case you made your decision within the first 5 minutes?
Look down at your shirt, you now have powers based on that what are they?
Remember that kid in the neighborhood your parents told you not to play with? What was wrong with him?
What is an underrated fat loss tip?
People of Reddit, was there a time you saved somebody's life and how?
What company are you the most hesitant to boycott?
What would a cartoon version of yourself be wearing?
Adults of Reddit, What is your biggest achievement in life so far?
People with student loans: how did you or how are you planning to pay them off?
What is the dumbest thing you ever seen?
[r/AskReddit] The 16 year old version of you just moved in and is now your new roommate. What's the first thing you two would fight about?
What are your scariest sleep paralysis stories?
How do you change to night theme
What’s the weirdest thing you’ve seen an ant/insect carrying
What made you go; "Aaaaaaaaaaaaaah?!"... for a noteable amount of time??!
If you could know the absolute and total truth to one question, what question would you ask?
What dates do you have stored in your mind that aren't that significant but are still there?
What’s a character from a movie, tv, show, game that you genuinely wanted to die
People who've gotten relationship advice from reddit, how did it work out?
Interracial couples of reddit, what obstacles did you face?
What do you predict for your future?
What do you define as the best horror film in existence?
If given the chance would you risk your life to save a stranger?
Does any one have local folklore where they are from? If so what is it?
What line would you drop to roast yourself
Hey can you say this morse code out loud, SCP-●●/●●●●●/●●/●, lol I cant
What are some of your most awkward or embarrassing moments working at or visiting a strip club?
Have you or someone you know ever been a victim of a pedofile and how did that end?
Does anyone know how to contact someone who has all of their lines of communication bugged and you don't know any of the means of communication?
You get into a fight at a club and can only use dance moves to kick your opponent's ass, what would be your finishing move?
This is for all the young redditors who were born after 9/11, How does 9/11 make you feel?
People who work on the underground/ metro systems, what’s the most interesting thing about your subterranean lair people may not know?
Given the chance to change almost everything about yourself over time, what would you NOT change? Why?
Left-handed of reddit do you use your left hand to masturbate?Why?Which hand is easier?
Whats the maddest you've ever seen your parents and why?
What are the health benefits of being alive?
What can you do with Silver, Gold or Platinun on reddit? Can you give it forward if you recieve it?
What do you want to be remembered for?
You wake up with 1 million Twitter followers. What is the first thing you post?
Car Rental Agents of Reddit, what are the best/worse things you've done to a customer? Share us your stories.
What’s something about space that amazes you?
Delta Flights Options Available with Delta Airlines Flights Official Site
What was the weirdest thing you found your mom doing after you got home from school?
Frequent Flyers of Reddit, what are some of your favorite airplane hacks?
What do you do when you feel lonely in life?
What did Karen and/or Gary do to upset you today?
People who decided to tell someone something mean, because they saw him/her last time in their life - how did it came out? How do you feel about it now? Did you see him/her again?
What free apps are so good that you can't believe they are free?
Do you believe that extremely small animals (microbes, Tardigrades etc.) have any consciousness? Of so, how would they experience life?
If you were able to instantly master one skill or talent with no strings attached, what would it be?
What’s the worst “well-meaning asshole” experience you’ve had?
What is one of the most rather widely anticipated movie/book that didn’t accomplish its expectations(according to u)?
Do you ever judge people based off of how they interact with social media?
Reddit, what are some fun "date night" ideas that don't cost too much?
Redditors of Reddit, what is Karma? Who is Karma?
Is it possible for a gas can to “explode” or blow from pressure,Ive noticed gas cans tend to build up pressure and make a pop sound when you open the spout , and was wondering if it is possible for enough pressure to build to make the gas can blow, why or why not would this be possible?
If you were put in the situation from The Stand(99.5% of the population dies and there are two group and Trashcan Man is blowing stuff up) what would you do and who would you join?
People of reddit who have, at some point, been homeless or in a poor financial situation, how have you recovered?
You are given a button that will make you very attractive, but every Friday you turn into Shrek for a whole day. Would you press it and why?
Parents what is a funny thing your child did that they dont remember ?
Why do British black people seem so much hotter than American black people?
You're eating out Trumps crust . What would you ask in return if you can't request money?
You are given a wand that can shronk people to 5% their current size, who do you want to shrink down and kept as your pet? Why?
Teachers of reddit: What was the interesting story when a student hit on you?
Redditors, what are your favourite universal remote pranks?
What is the best day in your life so far?
Has anyone ever seen a whale out of your aircraft window while flying above an ocean? What was it like?
If you could pick any person's voice to replace your default map/GPS navigation voice, whose would it be?
Is there a spectrum for smell and taste just like there's one for colour?
Have you ever tried to hit on someone you were attracted to in a gym setting? How did it go?
Teachers who ignore complaints of bullying what's going through your head?
A (virgin female) family friend of ours was brutally raped by a guy she met off of Tinder like a year ago. The guy didn't get prosecuted even though there was thorough evidence, and now, One year later, she saw him on Tinder again....... What should I do?
If we made something that could move at the speed of light, how could we test it?
This should be a fun one... Describe what your faviorate bird sounds like. Can you guess what bird the other posters are describing based on their description?
What are some psychological mind tricks that can f*ck up your (or other people's) mind?
If you could have one do-over in life, with no butterfly effect type consequences, what would it be?
Suddenly, your about to be in a fight, and you can't fight back. What do you do instead?
Is there a community to share the absurd things people PM you and ask? Thanks in advance.
Hardest choices require tha hardest will, what was your hardest choice in life?
The American business environment has changed following the insider trading and loan scandals. Explain business ethics and how they are applied today?
What's a job that won't be around in 200 years?
When/where/what was your first intimate kiss like?
Why is it so common among the native English speakers to confuse “you’re” and “your”?
People who got platinum before, how does it feel?
In light of July 4th being less than a week a way, is your grill game on point?
What do you hate or dread about going back to work Monday morning after having the weekend off?
Couples of Reddit, what was the exact moment you knew you wanted to marry your partner?
Hey Redditors : How is your Day ?
What title would you give your autobiography to best describe your life?
What was the longest period of time you hadn't had sex and why?
What has been the best thing to happen to you so far? [Serious]
Teachers of reddit, when did you realize that smart kid was some beyond level genius?
If man cards contain which solvent to use with which paint, or what grit sandpaper to start renovating old wooden furniture, what do women cards contain?
What was your biggest time waster before reddit?
You have 2 hours to die and you’re in perfect health before you do, what would you do?
Apart from Reddit how else can you get instant internet attention while keeping your clothes on?
What is inbetween the difficulties of hard and insane?
Fathers of Reddit, what is the funniest thing your kid has done to you?
Do you support the straight pride parade thats going to happen in boston? Why or why not?
Are you usually one-sided when commenting on reddit?
If you could switch two characters from different movies, what switch would cause the most inappropriate movies?
People who've attempted suicide, what was the last straw that made you make the decision?
Former small business owners of Reddit, how did you get back on your feet after it had failed?
Non-native English speakers of reddit, what phrases/sayings in the English language were the hardest to make sense of while learning?
What was something you saw you were definitely not supposed to see?
People of Reddit that hate the beach - why do you hate it?
Why are you waiting to get in the shower? Why don’t you just get in!
Restraunt workers of Reddit: what is the strangest request you've had from customers in terms of their meal?
What are some of the ways of making friends with many for a socially-inactive person?(dire need)
Hello! Interior designers and Architects of Reddit I have some ???
[Serious] (Here for you) How are you guys?
Who is an up and coming musician who you think will make it big?
When an employer puts the option to have you state to not contact a previous employer, how does this look?
What’s your experience of global warming on a personal level?
Police officers of Reddit, can precincts be as fun and tight-knit as Brooklyn Nine-Nine portrays them to be?
Redditors above 25 years old who still live with their parents, why on Earth?
Do you prefer to binge watch series or watch them once a week or as they're aired?
What's a bad song that's actually really catchy?
What out-of-context movie quote sounds the weirdest?
The last horror movie you watched villain comes to life. Who is it and what would you do to stop it?
What not safe for work questions would you like to ask our mods here?
Deaf people of reddit, what was your experience learning how to read?
how do you shit in public without feeling uncomfortable
People who've had violent intruders in their homes, how did you survive?
When moving in with your SO, what are some good habits to cultivate - or bad habits to avoid?
If we say good hair don’t care, we say thick thighs __________
People of Reddit, what's the worst virus you've ever gotten on any device?
What's the weirdest Youtube recommendation, you have ever gotten?
Why would you expect a group of, on average, average people to upvote the best questions for your perusal?
You have to drink a glass of diarrhea every day for 10 years or otherwise the world will explode. What do you do?
Smokers: what goes through your head when you throw your lit smokes out the windows when driving? Do you like starting fires? Alternatively, where do you get off throwing the butts all around like savages? It's enough.
If you could follow only 10 subreddits, what 10 would you choose?(not including this one)
Game Developers of Reddit, what kind of games do you believe are the hardest to make?
Is it bad to be proud of always trying to be a good person?
I need to call in sick(for non sick reasons) for the first time at my job. How do i go about it?
My Parents Are Antivax. Is there Any Way To Protect Myself From Measles Untill I'm 18?
What are you addicted to, that most people believe isn't addictive?
[serious] Strippers/porn stars on reddit, what are the most common stereotypes that people think of you that are just not true?
Police officers who’ve pulled someone over for a traffic violation what was the best reason given that made you let them go?
What’s your least favorite YouTube channel and why?
Which series/sequels/franchise overstayed its/their welcome the most?
What is one possession you have that you consider priceless?
What’s something extremely difficult to notice and unknown to most people but somehow you managed to perceive it?
What's the best way to make money when you don't have any to start out?
Teachers of Reddit, what was the most disrespectful thing your student has done?
Admins/Moderators of reddit what traumatizing things have you seen?
What would you name your kid, if you had to pick a unique name?
What legacy did you leave behind at your school?
Why are poor people allowed to eat the same foods as those who aren’t poor?
Have you got any advice/perspective on someone who's going through a bad time in their life?
What are some reliable sites to buy used/refurbished phones from?
What is the worst trouble you got yourself into from your childhood?
People who take *ANY* type of advice from redditors, why?
What is the most exciting, weird, scary, funny or interesting thing that's you've experienced on public transport?
What are times on reddit mysteries OP actually delivered?
Why is moderation not being performed on reddits designed to harass others.
What worries you most about your future?
Porn logic is active for the next 5 minutes, what's happening to you and what do you do?
What’s the weirdest thing you’ve been stopped for at airport security?
People of Reddit, who's the creepiest/unsettling guy you've ever crossed paths with?
Is someone with a net worth of $30 million considered wealthy?
What are some things that you would hate for your loved ones or family members to either find out about you or find that you have after you are gone?
Using synonyms for each word in the title, what's the last movie you watched?
[Serious] (Probably a repost) However, survivors of school shootings, how was it?
Why do waiters always pour a small amount of your *pepsi* first into your glass?
People of Reddit, What is something you did as a teen that looks weird now?
Assuming you don’t have them already, do you want children? Why/why not?
People that ran away from home why did you do it?
Pet owners of reddit, what is the most weird thing your pet has done in public?
What would you change about your past relationships?
What's the biggest lie you told yourself?
Redditors who have survived natural disasters, what's your story?
Doctors of reddit, what’s the most tense/serious situation you guys have ever been in?
What's the best decision you've made in the last ten years?
[Serious] Who would you like to see on U.S. dollars instead of the portraits currently on there?
Why people want to get roasted from the people they don't know? Why there are always people r/roastme who post their pic saying please roast me. They like to get roasted or what?
People on either extreme of the height spectrum, how have ripple changed the behavior around you?
What is the first fantasy book series that you read?
If there was a Guardians of the Galaxy-type movie with late 90s/early 2000s music, what songs would be on Star-Lord’s playlist?
Dog owners of Reddit, what's the coolest thig your dog found?
where were you during the Haiti earthquakes of 2010 ?
What do you think our brains are doing in the moments before death? Is our brain advanced enough to be able to manifest our version of heaven or the after life in the moments just before death to help soothe the feeling of dying?
Outside of retail/fast-food, what are some legitimate ways teenagers can earn money?
[Serious] Men who have tried fleshlights (or other sex toys that aim to very closely simulate sex), did you like them? Do you prefer them to real sex? Do you feel it's changed your goals with women?
What is the weirdest thing you have seen on the internet
Is there any way to reverse tomino's curse?
When fictional works introduce a character as generic “smuggler”, what contrabands do you imagine him smuggling?
[Serious] Former Losers/Screw Ups of reddit, what was your life changing moment and how did you go about becoming a better you?
Rape victims, what did you do wrong?
What is the most simple thing you've paid a professional to do?
Redditors Who Have Been to, and/or Lived in The State of Alaska, What are/were Your Impressions of The State?
You were woken in the middle of the night to a thunderstorm, you think nothing of it and go back to bed. When you wake up you discover there is no one in your city but you. What things do you do to ensure your survival?
What's the most stupidly dangerous thing you can legally buy on the internet?
Can you try to tell me your darkest secret, using only 3 words?
Users of Record, What's your glitch in the matrix story?
Dentists of Reddit, what’s the strangest thing a patient has said when under the effects of laughing gas?
[SERIOUS] What are some realistic ideas for rollercoaster ride photos that would look funny?
/u/AutoModerator on Real talk: what can we realistically do (as individuals and nations) to stop climate change before there’s no turning back? Recycling ain’t cutting it.
Wedding Crashers of Reddit, what’s your fun story?
What is a big waste of money?
Where can be found the least freedom of expression? Communist Russia &lt;-&gt; Reddit? PS. Attempt 5 of posting.
[serious] veterinarians of reddit, what do cats do when they have a fight (not playfighting)?
What is something in your job/profession that only people that have done the same job/profession would know of while the rest of us are clueless?
Why are pride parades so disgusting and sexualised?
TRIGGER WARNING - How did Kevin Cosgrove know what was about to happen 9/11?
What celeb gives you a genuinely healthy vibe?
Men of reddit! I need help picking a gift for a man!
What's the most savage thing you did as a kid?
Students, what is the strangest/weirdest things that have ever happened during a exam?
Pornstars/Ex-pornstars of Reddit, what are some of your best/worst experiences of working in the industry?
You find a magic lamp and a genie pops out to grant you one wish. Other Redditors, you are the genie; how would you grant the wish in the most messed up and literal way possible?
What annoys you about being at a public pool?
Just watched some highlights of Buster Keaton. What an amazing man. Anyone have a suggestion for a movie that I should watch?
What does it say about a woman who is in her twenties but into fifty year old men?
For all the Christians, how did you accept god?
Is a child allowed to call the police if he’s been assaulted by his parents/stepparents?
Who is most well known personality/celebrity/individual you have ever met and your view about there image completely changed after that?
If their balls absolutely do not touch, is it still considered gay when two men have intercourse?
Cowboys of Reddit, how much does your horse eat?
Narcoleptics of Reddit, when was the worst time you collapsed?
What do you do when you feel lonely?
Redditors who didn't go to college, what is the one thing you regret about your decision?
What’s the most f*cked up thing you learned about your family?
What is your most rare item in your music/memorabilia collection? And how much $ do you feel it's worth? What is it? Is it a rare T-shirt? A super rare CD? A limited vinyl release?
How would you predict these three people will end up in life, based on their personalities (either both best and worst-case scenarios, or just what you think is likely)?
Why would or wouldn’t you buy a front loading clothes washing machine again?
[serious] What is one thing you originally never thought you’d do, but now your life wouldn’t be the same without making that decision?
What is the scariest thing that has ever happened to you?
What is the best diaper for ABDL to use to avoid blowouts?
Wanted to know your opinions on instagram?
For those of you living on the border of a time zone, what’s it like?
What is something you can't share... tho you turn to look rude but you just can't ?
People of Reddit who have had a complete change of opinion/stance on a certain subject. What was the matter and what made you change your stance on it?
What did you say about someone in another language, thinking they couldn't understand you, but they could? or vice versa?
[Serious] Hospice workers of Reddit: Have you ever called a patient's family "too late" because the patient had requested NOT to let their family watch them die, to protect their family from that traumatic moment?
What was your irrational fear as a kid?
Are there any interesting things in your religion?
What is an interesting quote to use as Whatsapp status? (Not too edgy)
What is the worse joke or lie your sibling(s) ever pulled on you?
People who were born into happy or rich families, what do you think life is really like for people who were born into neither?
Imagine a The Office type show about guys living in a giant basement. What are your episode ideas?
What’s a good way to make every person on earth (regardless of faith, politics, gender, sexual orientation) want to slap you?
What is one thing your are afraid of that you can't explain why/nobody else is?
People who are adopted, how did you find out and how did it affect you?
What’s the best gift, with no monetary value, that you’ve ever given or received?
How do you see your music taste evolving as you age?
Smell of Cannabis, is it the fertilizer?
People of Reddit what's a one in a million chance situation that has happend to you multiple times?
What do you think the ISS (international space station) would smell like if it had a smell?
What small thing have you still not gotten over?
What two items combined, such as a spork, create an even better item?
What is your can’t live without bathroom accessory?
What movie sequel would you like to see?
When you’re too angry or stressed, what helps as a coping mechanism?
What are some of the best bots on reddit?
What is your mum saved as in your phone?
How do you enjoy things like movies and video games?
Why don't we just pull a Hong Kong and protest for Trump's impeachment?
[serious] Parents of Reddit, what did you think when you found out that your son is an incel?
Redditors, what were the moments of "I'm never going outside again!"?
Porn directors/cameramen what are some things about your job that most people wouldn't think of?
What is your secret hobby that others would consider weird?
What's the worst thing you've ever done?
[Serious] Prison/Jail workers of reddit, who is the one inmate that has made a serious impression on you (for better or for worse)?
Non-American Redditors, what's the popular or unpopular song in your country that deserves world publicity or at least little more appreciation from foreign nations?
What is the most embarrassing thing you did as a child
What is the biggest mistake a company has made that drove them to bankruptcy?
Gamers of Reddit, what was your longest / shortest poop and why?
What's a popular quote that you find absolutely stupid and why?
What's the best, most beautiful experience you've ever had in life?
How do you support a partner whose parent is terminally ill?
Girls of Reddit, how do you feel that a majority of the Internet think you’re an undercover guy/FBI agent?
Sex workers of Reddit, can you tell us about your favorite customer experience that you will never forget?
When you didn’t realize how lucky you were until later?
Love thy neighbour/fellow human as much as yourself (very much) - do you love them? Why or not?
What are some of the best gory movies you've seen?
What was the shooting range like in your school?
What are some things money can't buy?
What fictional characters have actually inspired you to be a better person?
What are some cliché things that happened in films or books, you wish would happen to you?
What's the difference between a slave who get free room and board and a minimum wage worker that spends all his money on rent and food lol?
What's a place that is ok when it is day, but gets creepy when it's night?
Doctors of Reddit, what is the stupidest reason somebody has been rushed to A&amp;E?
Men &amp; Women of Reddit, what's the nicest way to start a conversation with a stranger at places like parties, bars, etc?
What phrase sounds normal but actually pretty hurtful ?
You can have any animal in the world as a pet but you have to take it with you everywhere. What do you choose and why?
What is your favorite time of the day?
whats the last thing you'd wanna see before you die?
Have you ever felt absolutely helpless and Hopeless? And how did you cope with it?
Hello Redditers from all around the world, what is the common phrase of chant in your country?
What would you do if you had 50 million dollars that you had to spend in a month, or lose all of it?
What are some things you wish to unsee?
We visited South Dakota long ago when I was a kid and really wanted a stuffed one. Anyone else believe they were real as a kid?
What’s another name for the nativity scene?
What do you think pedophiles find so attractive in children?
What single sentence sums up the world for you?
What do you wish made a comeback?
What is something that exists now that you wish you had in your childhood?
Would you rather have a bowl of spaghetti or an elephant?
Doctors of Reddit; What was the weirdest and/or worst animal-related injury you've seen?
Sick folks of Reddit, approximately how many days till you get better?
/u/AutoModerator on Do you have a nervous tick?
What is your opinion on self-help, psychology, finding meaning, being a "Good person" and trying way too hard to be happy?
What made podcasts popular? And what was it like before it became popular?
Where is everyone is such a hurry to get today?
What's the worst thing someone has done to you?
How many testicles would you guess you had?
Which moment in your life do you wish you could see from a third person perspective?
Have you ever turned down sex because you were looking forward to masturbating and sex would ruin it?
How do you cope with reading negative news all the time?
Any game will automatically become game of the year, what game will you choose?
Autistic people of Reddit what are some of your autistic traits that some people find funny and you can laugh along with them
If you could live in any US city which would it be and why?
Do you think the LGBTQ community is mad at pokemon for making the move attract only work when both pokemon are of opposite genders?
whats something that is a lot worse than what people might think?
Redditors that have a useless degree, what is it?
Alright people of Reddit, what's the nastiest thing or place you can think of?
What is the best lesson your parents have indirectly taught you?
People that have a happy and healthy relationship, is there anything you would change about your SO if you had the chance?
What are your favorite stories of perseverance or heroism that aren't already well-known?
What continuous problem or issues are you dealing with right now? Financial, psychological, social, etc. Maybe we can all help each other thru some things
Do you ever wonder if midgets also have a midget dick, or do they have colossal cocks to make up for the fact that they're so short that the grass tickles their balls?
Biologists, doctors, and anyone else who may know, what are all the facts you know about the human neck? Interesting or otherwise.
Redditors, I wanna see how diverse reddit is ! Tell me , where are you from ???
[Serious] Those of you who’ve had a classmate commit suicide, what did your school do or not do?
Why is Bluetooth still so erratic, unpredictable and unreliable?
What are the biggest differences that America has from the rest of the world?
Lawyers of Reddit, what is the most ridiculous thing someone has tried to sue another over?
What would freeze faster, 2 bottles of 500ml or 1 bottle of 1000ml
The worst time your kid was left out?
At one point in the Minority Report film, Agatha (a precognitive) stops a stranger and tells her, "He knows. Don't go home." I always interpreted this to imply infidelity. What other interpretations could this line be given?
Europeans of Reddit, what foot do you use to accelerate in your car? Is the gas pedal on your right or left. (Forgive me if it sounds like a stupid question)
Where is the strangest place you have found something that you lost?
[Serious] What are some tips for overcoming low self esteem?
People of Reddit, how far would you go in order to uncover a good story?
What are some jobs/activities where the quality tools has a much higher impact than actual skill?
Small town cops, what is the weirdest call you've had to handle?
Hey if Minecraft world is infinite how does it turn to day or night like how does the sun move around it?
AITA if I ask my mom to stop coming to my sport events?
What embarassing text did someone accidentally send you?
Long standing teachers of Reddit, what have you noticed is the biggest change between generations you have taught?
Why Are The happiest people almost always the most depressed?
What was your favorite family vacation from childhood?
Can anyone explain why the phenomena of incest fantasy is so popular?
I’ve been a slacker for my entire life, how can I change?
People with low intelligence/IQ, do you like being patronized or not? Why?
What is the single dumbest thing your pet has ever done?
Introverts of Reddit, what do you do to pass time when you're at a party or at a bar?
what did you want to say to that one "annoying kid in class" but was too shy to say?
Kidnapped people of Reddit (non domestic), what is your escape story?
If the internet was on fire and you could grab only one thing what would it be?
What's your opinion about parties that are meant for people to hook up with eachother?
What are your best suggestions for jokes/short stories to distract someone during labor?
Amusement park workers of reddit, what’s the best and worst things about working at an amusement park?
If you could remove a type of food from the world, which one would you choose?
Did you ever have some stranger come up to you and start complaining about you in a pissed of manner over the smallest thing?
What is one practice in another culture that you wish were more prevalent in your own?
What's the dumbest way you've managed to injure yourself?
Men of reddit, what are some hints you guys drop to girls you like?
What shows do you think deserve to be on Netflix?
How did you cope with an exam you didn’t want to get at all?
If your parents died while saving a stranger who is incidentally a potential lover, would you date them? Why or why not?
People that were adopted, how did your parents tell you? [Serious]
People of reddit who had bulimia. How did you cure yourself?
Redditors who are scrolling through reddit whilst you're supposed to be working, how's your day going?
Teenagers of reddit, how do you tell when someone likes you?
Whats something you hate doing but continue to do?
My ADD/ADHD meds (Ritalin, Adderal) cause erectile dysfunction. Anyone else experience this side effect?
Whats your favorite childhood game that you made up?
What is some weird shit you made your kid(s) believe?
Isn’t calling Sharia ‘law’ like calling Gravity ‘unlaw’.
Have you ever seen or helped someone do something that seemed completely normal at the time, but looking back, realized it was illegal or just morally wrong?
In adult and teen challenge do you know how or if they send invites to graduations?
What would you do for a years supply of Klondike bars?
is this by an animal and human process through the brain that is called classification a question if processed by a question how have thine thinking process affirm or contradict?
(Serious) Teachers of reddit, what is the most gut wrenching suicide of a student you thought was genuinely happy you've experienced?
As children we all misspelled at least 1 word because when said it sounded like another word. What's you funniest example for this? (If you're from another country say the word in your language and its meaning in English.)
Fashion designers, why does it feel like most collections are for shock value, they don’t seem like pieces that most people would wear?
What is the biggest mistake you have ever made?
What product is worth the couple extra bucks for the better version?
Which is worse: Anime or alcohol? Why?
Had you guys had a crush on a teacher? Who and.. what happened?
Ladies of Reddit, what was most extreme response to finding out the guy you were going to have sex with had a micropenis?
Do you remember a point in your childhood/teenage years where you suddenly had to grow up?
What’s the weirdest part of your foot?
Am I a karma whore if I upvote my own posts and comments?
Should we have a three day weekend?
Would you change your name, and if you already have, why?
Why should we be worried about the tension between US &amp; Iran?
What do you think about the "for dummies" book series?
How do you interact with incredibly attractive people?
What's your opinion on Polygamy and why you think its bad?
Dead people of reddit how does it feel?
What tourist attraction is the most underwhelming?
What's the most extreme experience you've had with road rage?
What is the worse thing you ever did to win/get something ?
What's your explanation for why some certain crappy thing is highly overrated and/or successful?
Lawyers of reddit, can I film someone without their consent?
People of Reddit, what’s the worst way you have seen a school respond to a situation?
What's wrong with people who don't flush?
Where can I find an affordable foam mattress?
People who are control freaks, how do you feel you can’t control that you’re gonna die one day ?
If someone was stuck on a train for the next few hours, and could only refresh this thread because of horrible signal, what would you want them to know?
Ghibli fans of Reddit, I want to get into Ghibli and have already ordered 2 movies online. What are the top 5 Ghibli movies in your opinion?
Reddit, Question can you respond to this, I’ll tell you later why
What is an everyday thing that seems normal but if you really break it down is extremely strange?
What is the main security breach of the company you work for that is known, but nothing has ever been done to solve it?
What is your favorite genre of music?
USA, BOTH EAST AND WEST COASTS WILL BE DESTROYED, says THE LORD!?
What was your most embarassing moment in public/at work? And why?
What is a well known fact that is actually wrong?
What job exists because we are stupid?
Non-Americans of reddit, what are some American traditions/holidays etc. That you find odd?
What word makes you question its existence every time you write and stare at it?
What pet do you have, and what do you think they would say to you if they had one minute to speak?
What is a problem males and females both have that people assume only one has?
Doctors/nurses of reddit, what are some of the stupidest reasons someone has come to the hospital?
If you could, without any consequences, relive your best sexual experience, what would it be?
Which invention do you look at and think “I could have invented that”?
What people from history do you find absolutely intriguing?
What pronouns do you use when talking to yourself– how do you speak to yourself?
[Serious] How should we prepare for a societal collapse?
Glasses wearers of reddit, do you wear your glasses during sex, and why?
Which Cartoon Series Have the Best Background Music ?
As a kid, what did you want to be when you grew up?
What is your favorite little-known anecdote about a historical figure?
McDonald’s employees, which is the most disgusting thing you’ve seen in your cuisine?
What fictional character from movies/tv/anime etc. motivates you and why?
Why is it that when women comment on a post on Reddit, everyone assumes they are male until the explicitly say they are not?
Hey doctors of Reddit, What are the ways to cure sinusitis?
Redditors, what's the most insane job requirement you have ever seen?
What was your craziest experience in high school?
If you could choose what music played everytime there was a sunset what music would you choose?
What is your ideal wedding band/engagement ring?
Doctors of reddit, what’s is something that made you say “how did that happen” when a patient enters the ER?
What is/was one good thing about your boss?
What was something positive that happened to you today?
What's something you like or enjoy but hate the fact that you do?
Do you have any stories about getting good sex in a weird way?
What are some of the greatest acts of kindness you have seen/experienced?
Kids of Reddit (or previous kids) what was something you thought you hid from your parents but later on realized they knew the whole time?
[Serious] If a perfectly sane person, without any major issues whatsoever, desires to end their life, do we really have the right to deny them that decision?
If i start hand feeding my house spiders (daddy longlegs) can i eventually tame them?
Does any actually feel comfortable when a public bathroom door is just a push button handle lock instead of a deadbolt? Do I just have trust issues??
Pornstars of reddit, how'd you get discovered?
How have you saved a relationship, being your own or someone else's?
What's the best piece of advice that you have to give?
Why does Jordan Peterson look so greasy these days?
What is your best insult and why?
What did you think about the first Avengers movie when it came out back in 2012?
[Serious] What Is The Signs If A Person Is Suffering In Depression And Taking His Life
Open minded females of Reddit! How is your day Sunday going?
Why do I have unexplained bruising on my legs and arms?
What tastes surprisingly good when served hot or cold when it's supposed to be served cold or hot, respectively?
People of reddit what fictional character do you hate the most and why?
What’s the largest animal you could sucker punch and kill?
Daughters of Reddit, what are some things fathers should know about raising a girl?
What the last good movie you watched on Netflix or Primevideo?
What is that one fact that made you say "wish i didnt know that"?
Silver/Gold/Platinum givers of reddit, what was the last comment you rewarded?
People who have lost everything in a fire, how have your lives changed since that event?
Would you fake a story? Madlibsinjected sub could help you help yourself. What would you make up?
Where is the weirdest place you've ever had sex?
What was the biggest lie you’ve ever told someone in order to persuade them into sleeping with you?
What was your favorite childhood Disney movie?
Redditors dealing with varying degrees of mental illness, can you please share some positive stories about taking anti-depressants/medication to help?
Current and former scam-artists of Reddit, what is/was your hustle?
What modern thing do we take most for granted and why?
What instinct did you follow that nearly killed you?
Who is your worst enemy and why is he/she your worst enemy?
Have you seen Icy Bear's Youtube comment?
What are your VALUES and are you being TRUE to them?
Redditors! How long have you lived with a very badly cracked screen?
What character from a movie/show sparked your sexual awakening?
What makes no sense but does at the same time?
What do you do in a typical shower?
What is something so gay that "No homo" can't effect it?
Women or Men what are your thoughts on growers vs showers?
What is the weirdest diagnosis you’ve gotten from looking up your symptoms on Web MD?
Redditors of various nationalities, what does patriotism mean to you?
Whats the worst thing that has happen during a job interview?
Dear bisexals (and all of the other people interested in more than one gender) how did you handled your first date/ flirt attempt with the stranger of the same sex as you? How it went without any experience? Tell me your story.
Is it possible to be “half-time” depressed?
When did you stop paying for things for your adult children? What did you stop paying for and when?
Redditors who got out of tickets, how’d you do it?
What’s a question Google doesn’t have the answer to?
What was the most unusual pet you had?
Major car accident survivors, what is your story?
How come it is easy to talk to some people but not others?
If a gay man and trans woman, who hasn't undergone the MtoF transition, began a romantic relationship, would they be considered a heterosexual couple?
What is something that's definitely not normal that you've seen someone do as if it was completely normal?
What is your scariest memory from your childhood
Do you have a birthmark that looks like something, if so, what does it look like?
What is something you do because of a superstition?
House cleaners of Reddit. What was the most dirtiest house you’ve witnessed? And how long did it take to clean it?
Fellow high schoolers what has been your weirdest experience with special need students? (Be serious)
What makes it so difficult for "agnostics" to realise that people are either theists or not-theists?
If you could switch jobs with any person in the world, who do you switch with and why?
How come men age so much better than women?
What are effective ways to get over someone you fell in love with?
People of reddit. Is it easier to draw or tattoo?
Subreddit moderators, what is the job like?
Do you think Reddit has lost its unique sense of humor, and can you give an example?
To the people of Reddit, what is your ‘once in a lifetime opportunity’ that you missed or didn’t take?
What was your highest score in bowling?
What is the most egotistical thing you hace ever done?
Have you ever met or talked for log with a redditor? If so, can you tell the story?
What's one sentence that would scare the shit right out of me?
What was your favorite "It was fun while it lasted" moment?
At what temperature do you consider it too hot to go outside comfortably?
What has happened to you that was so unlikely and lucky, that it seemed as if it was a ‘guardian angel’ or something of that sort?
Why do alot of non religious people dislike gays
How to make friends as a couple?
What is your "Homeless people are f'ing weird" moment?
Adults of reddit, what are some precautions that should be taken before buying a first car?
What are some good sub-reddits that died out?
Why does the sun (not heat) makes me tired rapidly drains my energy?
What do you think kills a relationship the most?
When have you been genuinely scared for you life?
What is the weirdest dream you’ve had while sleeping?
So is Asus technically a Chinese or Taiwanese company?
What is the stupidest question you've ever asked and what were the reactions to it?
Former sex workers of Reddit, what made you quit?
If you were given the option to time travel back into your future but if you tried to make any sort of contact with yourself you’d be killed instantly. Would you?
People who had a crush on their teacher, what is your story?
A story of you getting robbed or witnessing someone and the thief getting instant karma.
What is a funny name for a pet?
If you had to kill someone and get away with it, what exact method would you try?
Anyone know the name of this Tornado documentary?
Why are you not the person that you want to be? What's stopping you?
Why shouldn't boys hit back girls, who kick them in the nuts "for fun" or in anger? Why don't they fucking deserve it, just like any guy would?
What’s the closest you’ve ever come to dying, and how did that experience change you?
What's the fastest, easiest, legal way to make money?
Other than "You guys wanna fight?", what is sure to start a fight?
What song only starts to make sense as you get older?
What's your "I let someone cut in front of me in line and he turned out to be the 100th customer" story?
Does the NSW Police service have work experience?
Hotel owners/ Hospitality professionals , what is the weirdest thing you have come across in your profession ?
Why do some people seem to intentionally drive in blind spots? No matter how much you speed up or slow down, there they are waiting for you to hit them.
What was your stupidest excuse that actually worked?
[Serious] How to address being belittled at work by your supervisors?
What's the loneliest thing you've ever done?
Gamers of reddit was your I play this game way too much Moment
Have you ever had a near-death experience? What was it?
What’s a television show that everyone hates but you secretly watch?
What is a question you cannot ask in a r/AskReddit post?
If you could see a histroy of things that your pe**s or va***a got erected or wet, how bad would it be?
What are the differences in standard of living between the European Union and the USA?
(SERIOUS) People who’ve taken Datura, what was your experience?
What is the most controversial yet underused debate topic?
Redditors who have been on reality TV, what are some things that surprised you that ruined the "reality" aspect?
What was something paranormal that happened to you that then you discovered it was silly?
Readers of reddit, what are some really interesting books you would recommend?
Reddit, what would you do with a drunken sailor early in the morning?
What song would be the worst to play during a funeral?
Lovers of Reddit, What is the most awkward pickup line you have recieved?
What thing is your gender generally expected to do, but you wish you weren't?
What is something you do because you know no one else will?
Redditor's who were at their lowest or had lost everything, what kept you going?
Peoples of Reddit, what is the name of your smart phone?
If you had to transform into an animal,what animal should you choose?
What would happen if I took a shovel and scooped up a fire ant mound and dumped it on a different fire ant mound?
People who’ve gotten away with a crime, what did you do and how?
Fellow humans of reddit, what song are you listening to right now?
I have a feeling I'm never going get a gf i dont really have any friends im 19 im smart lol im interning for a really cool place. Im not in college im not sure how to connect to more ppl I feel like after this program idk where im going meet anyone at anyone have this same problem :/ feel like im a
Parents of pornstars, how do you feel about your child’s occupation and how did you find out?
Hair stylists of Reddit, what was the worst condition you’ve seen someone’s hair in?
What is an "oh no, they're hot" moment you've had recently?
Is Auto moderator going to remove this post or what?
You are now the most famous person in the world, what do you do with your newfound status ?
is it bad to masturbate when you are 12?
You can now communicate with 1 species of animal. What do you choose, and why? What do you tell/ask them?
What’s a smooth way to compliment a woman’s lips?
what to do when someone ignores you ?
How do you know if someone comes from Spain?
People of reddit, what was the most ridiculous thing you witnessed in your high school?
Men of Reddit who were circumcised as adults: how much sensitivity did you lose?
What is the biggest lesson you've learned from a failure?
Redditors, what is a food that you did not like as a kid but enjoyed as you grew older?
In a perfect world of yours, what would people do much more often?
What is the best and worst NES game ever?
In a night owl vs. early bird contest, who would win and why?
People of reddit, what is that video of eatthepussy445 talking really fast but instead of him talking it’s really fast music?
Is it possible for citizens to be happy in a dictatorship? Why or why not?
What do you thing GADTAK should stand for?
When was the last time you felt genuinely happy?
What’s a gut feeling you had that was completely different than what you thought?
So... you’re the proud Dad and it’s formal night for your “princess” and the bloke taking her knocks on the door, it opens and you see the little baby-faced kid with a sweaty brow holding the corsage... what do you say to lay down the law?
What unique skill did you master after years of practice?
What has been the most embarrassing thing your significant other has done around your parents?
What was the dirtiest job you ever had?
Reddit, what made you realize the person you idolize at work/school/church was a normal human being like you?
Think we all know the answer to this one boys
Males of Reddit when did you start shaving?
What's an old gen Playstation/Xbox game you would like to see be brought back on the new gen consoles?
Reddit, I have a 5-hour flight coming up later today. What are your best airplane mode game recommendations?
When have you witnessed cartoon physics in real-life, and did you laugh?
What is the most expensive thing you bought that was worth buying?
What singers/rappers would make a great collaboration if they worked together?
What is something that happened in your hometown that you just couldn’t believe or became big news?
What is something that everybody seems to do easily but is almost impossible for you ?
What would you do if you were late for your evening tea time?
What job will be gone by 2050? And why?
Americans of reddit, why can't you eat healthier?
Why are narcissists so paranoid and controlling?
Americans of Reddit, what is one cultural thing that you didn't realize was true until you met someone from that region of the US?
What is your favorite song that contains "1234"?
What is an everyday life equivalent of turning the pillow to the cool side ?
[Serious] A hacker stole my reddit account in the last few days and scammed several people online, I got my reddit account back after contacting reddit, I have the scammers IP and his email and his now deleted reddit username, what do i do now ?
People of Reddit, what's the weirdest thing someone has ever told you?
Who is the dumbest "smart person" you've ever met? Why?
I am having bad dry scalp problems, even my beard has dandruff. Anyone have any solutions? I feel like I have tried quite a few things and nothing works.
Subway employees of Reddit, what is the nastiest sub you've had to make?
Who was your first love like? Do you miss them?
What are some underrated music albums ?
Why do you wear scrubs when you fly?
Parents of Reddit, what is something you did parenting wise that you believe altered your child for better or worse?
What is a double standard in society just makes sense?
Developers of Reddit, how do you find out the amount of user instances per hour?
If there was an apocalypse, what 5 things would you take?
What’s your “screw it, we’re going to Vegas right now!” story?
What's the strangest thing you've caught your child/children doing?
Redditors who have tried some shady medicine from the internet, how did it turn out?
You have to pick up a new skill you have to learn from scratch. If you don't pick one you die. If you quit for more the 2 week's in 2 year's you die. Everything will be provided to you to start at it's best quality. What skill do you pick?
What is the best comeback you have come up with to an insult?
Who keeps making an appearance in your dreams?
You have $1000000 for 24 hours but everything you buy will disappear after that time. What do you do?
What gives you anxiety for no reason?
If you could switch lives with any animal for a day, who’d u choose and why?
People who’ve been in a failed relationship, what was the first sign that made you think “this won’t last long”?
If you time traveled to the 1800s what is the most revolutionary technology you could successfully "invent" with just your own practical knowledge?
Without saying your age, what is a sentence you could say that would tell someone how old you are?
What is broken in your life right now?
What thought keeps you up at night?
What is the worst thing you have totally forgiven someone for?
People who browse reddit all day at work, are you content or do you wish for more challenge in your job?
Ex children of reddit, what is an irrational fear you developed as a child and kept through adulthood?
Antisocial (emotionally dead) people of reddit, what's a good way to blend in with society?
What do you want to be remembered for?
Factory workers of reddit, what is your “it was better before you changed it” stories ?
People who have become full time Actors/Actresses or Extras, how'd you end up there, how's it been and are you enjoying it?
Redditors of Reddit: What’s the most reddit, reddit you’ve ever reddited?
What's the most immature thing you've done?
What would happen if I stuck my penis in the garbage disposal?
People who moved out of their hometowns and don’t live near their parents, what do you do during the holidays?
Is it normal to like 2 girls at the same time?
Why do people that are different get bullied?
Is it possible to live a normal life and not ever tell a lie?
What’s the difference between diet water and regular water?
If batman had a gun what would it be?
Why don't user agreements and consent pages in websites include a short Q&amp;A with minimum passing score to make sure user actually understands what he is opting for ?
what is your favorite slang for genitals?
What are some cute, simple and uplifting songs that I can play on guitar for my niece (almost 2)?
Former prisoners of reddit, what is something that no one tells you about being behind bars?
(Serious) What is the number one thing you should know about somebody before starting a relationship.
What's your "Walk up song" in this game we call life?
People who works in a zoo, what's your horror story?
What’s the weirdest reason you have been given a silver, gold or platinum?
Sheep farmers, what's the dumbest sheep story you have?
Being able to dutifully follow instructions given to you or thinking outside of the box and being creative, which skill set do you think would get you further in life?
What do you think the positive and negative effects of being able to upvote and downvote entire subs would be?
What small decision changed the direction of your life the most ?
How do you tan instead of getting sunburn?
I am currently very sick with a GI infection. My body is in full purge-mode. I am on a weekend team building exercise for work. How do I explain this or handle it? I don't want anyone else to get sick but it may be too late.
What songs are seemingly innocuous but have a dark or dirty meaning behind them?
Whats the one thing that blows your mind every time you think about it?
Dear redditors, what do you think is the minimum age for reddit?
People of reddit, what is the best all round condiment?
What's the weirdest dream you've ever had?
Should I stop talking to my friends of 20 yrs, because they don’t like my boyfriend and feel he isn’t geeky enough.
People of Reddit, what is your "asking crush out" story that ended really well?
If Roses are Red &amp; Violets are Blue, how would you finish this poem using the word "Fetish"?
What is something you don’t know about being human?
what skill would you recommend me to develop ? (i will try whichever i like and let you know the progress) thanks!
College dropouts, why did you waste money?
What movie do you think is underrated?
People of reddit, what is one of your biggest pet peeves?
What scares you, even though you know you know it shouldn't?
What's your favourite pen to write with?
Who is the most famous person in your family?
The world is gonna end, but you can decide how it is gonna end. How do you want the world to end?
Yu-gi-oh!,Pokemon and/or My Hero Academia Fans. What’s the best gift someone ever given to you related to these shows?
name a better looking pornstar than janice griffith?
Did small businesses play a bigger role in the growth of the US more than the increased tax rate in the 40’s and 50’s?
Cat Parents. I read somewhere that chocolate is bad for cats. Do you have any alarming experiences?
Fathers of Reddit, perfect Father's Day gift. Just keep it real
Has anyone ever been on a reality show?
People who like long car journeys, why do you like them and how do you tolerate them?
What is the worst game you have ever played?
What celebrity should run for president in 2020?
What is something your manger just doesn’t realize?
What is the funniest video you know that is less than 30 seconds long?
are you still a furry if your fursona is a reptile (or just doesn't have fur)? why?
What's your best 'Well fuck you too' story?
What is our favorite local town event?
What's something adorable that you significant other did today?
Reddit, when was a time that you left something out of uncertainty but everything turned out to be alright if you just stayed?
Why do some people wanted to stay ignorant?
Reading all the news why do I feel that the world is going to end tomorrow?
What's a reddit post you go back to to giggle a little?
What is the creepiest thing you’ve seen in the woods, or in the mountains, or in deserts, or caves, or in small towns, or in remote or rural areas or while on large bodies of water, or while on a aircraft or a nautical vessel?
What subject do you wish you knew in enough depth to be able to give an expert level 30 minute talk about at a moment's notice?
What one thing about anothee country really confuses you?
People who work at restaurants, how do you feel about making a new meal or giving a discount to people who turn out to hate what they ordered AND don't eat more than a very small bite? What could I do or say to avoid wasting money the next time this happens to me, if anything?
People of Reddit, how have you been discriminated against IRL?
What is the least painless way to kill yourself?
How do you quit smoking, for good?
Why are the alt-right allowed to be trolls?
What happens regularly to you but rarely happens for most people?
What are you high on right now?
What is an item or experience that you could absolutely buy/do(it is legal, possible, ethical and within the reach of your finances), and that you would genuinely love to buy/do—yet you haven’t for some reason?
Mixed people of Reddit, what do you tell people when they ask you about your race?
What are your medical problems that doctors can't find a cause for?
Cops of Reddit, can you explain why it is that officers that commit murder and other heinous crimes usually receive minimal criminal repercussions?
Amazing people of Reddit, what's a question I should have asked besides this one?
What is one weird hobby you have which sounds boring but it’s actually fairly interesting?
If you can made anything with gold, what's the best creation you have ?
Black people of Reddit, what are some stereotypes of white people that you know or have heard? (Serious)
If you could go back in time for one hour. Where would go?
"So if my deodorant could be a bomb, why are you just chucking it in the bin? " - /r/AskReddit (+1038) [June 25, 2010]
You are pitching a sequel to an animated Disney movie...but it must be rated R...what is the plot?
How are you brilliant? Brag about yourself?
What is the most embarrassing thing you were caught doing?
Would like to ask your opinion and advice for go to work abroad type America !?!? A Italian guy . Thank you so much for your answered
What Would Be The Human Equivalent of A Dog Getting It's Belly Rubbed?
Martial Artists and Combat Sports Practitioners - How long did it take you to surpass your seniors?
How did kung-fu originate? Who is the founder of kung-fu?
Who is a celebrity(s) with an extremely dark past that most people don't know about and would be shocked to hear?
What are some of the best, most reputable and un-biased news source available online?
Adopted people of Reddit what was your reaction when you found out?
People who have been contestants on either Hell'S Kitchen or Masterchef, what aspects of the whole thing were staged?
Graphic Designers of Reddit, what are you tired of doing?
What's the biggest difference between animals and humans?
Should I do what I'm good at or what I love doing?
People of reddit. Do you allocate a specific time to read or do you just do it whenever you can? If so, when do you do it?
I plan on going to Japan next April (5 days in Tokyo, 3 in Osaka, 3 in Kyoto). What are the most important things I should see? Related question, which bar is the best in Kabukicho?
Men of reddit, What do you pass the time with while your wife nags?
For those who escaped poverty, what was an "oh shit, this is what life is like for people with money" moment?
If we asked everyone on Reddit to submit a video of themselves saying ‘Keanu Reeves’ would literally everyone do it?
If you were given mind reading superpower,whose mind you will read first?
What can you discern about someone by simply looking at them?
A witch, with the ability of reincarnation, offered to bring back your deceased parent to life, but with a fair price of sacrificing one of your children. Would you take the offer?
Your life is made into a movie, what is your theme song?
What historic figure would make the worst ghost to be haunted by?
What’s a time that the remix was better than the song?
Who is the wierd person in your school/workplace?
[serious] For Americans, what are your views on Edward Snowden, did he put America at risk or is he a hero for exposing the American intelligence system?
Does listening to high frequency music affect our brains? I know it affects our ears, but what about deeper things in the brain?
People of reddit who have moved out and got their own home/ living place what are the finer things about having your own place?
What do you do when you've got plenty of love to give and there's no one in life to shower it upon?
What's the best/funniest/most pointless argument that you've seen in a comments thread?
[Serious] Redditors who suffer from PTSD and sort alike mental disorders (and the ones who luckily don't) what experience broke you?
What's the one thing that once pointed out you can't unsee?
[Serious] What is the biggest thing happening right now that give us hope for the future.
What stereotypes about your nation make you mad ?
Tomorrow all punishments are abolished and new societal rules rewarding good behavior are put in place. What is the best change we see?
If you could make anything socially acceptable, what would it be and why?
Who agrees we need a new name for the LGBT+ community?
What are the best apps for news?
what was the best cereal you can eat ?
What YouTuber is underrated in your opinion?
Redditors Who have had Friends/Love ones die, What was the last thing they said to you?
[Serious] When someone's about to go living on their own for the first time, what thing - other than getting the obvious stuff (furniture, tv, kitchen stuff, ...) - should they definitely buy or do to make life easier/cheaper/better?
Hey redditors, how much time per day do you think you spend watching youtube? What do you watch?
Muslim of reddit, can you tell us your culture which is not widely known?
How many times do you have to try to post a question here before the bots will let you through?
What's the funniest thing you've seen after midnight ?
What is that thing on Aaron Neville's face?
Guys of reddit, what are some things that women won’t understand?
If you got a free space on a billboard in a major metropolitan area, what would you put on it?
What's your "holy shit, did that just work?" moment?
What was something you wish you could’ve unseen?
If you could leave your relatives a voicemail 100 years from now, what would you tell them?
Is the plural of doberman "dobermans" or "dobermen"?
Those who have experienced sleep paralysis, what did you see?
Why do they use separate piece of cloth for the sleeves of t shirts? Why dont they just not have a single piece of cloth for the body and the sleeve attached (so just have two piece of cloth- a front body with front part of sleeve and a back body with back of sleeve)?
Teachers of reddit, what is the nicest thing a student said/did to you?
What would be the best and worst things about being a squirrel?
Drivers of Google Maps, what are some of the crazy shit you've had to drive through stories?
If you could start a new "Reddit" what would and wouldn't it have?
What's a stereotype about your country that is just not true?
If you can only listen to 1 song, what song will it be?
Hey Millenials, which industry do you want to kill next?
Reddit, what's the weirdest party you've ever been to and why?
Edit your comment to make the OP look stupid; what do you want right now?
What’s the worst ex story you have? Here’s mine
What would you do? Spend money on a college education or take that money and invest in a business.
What are the unwritten rules of where you work?
What’s the most oddly specific thing you seen on this sub?
Why don't people know about "your brain on porn?
If you could have one of anything in the universe, what would it be?
What are the worst instances of terrible parenting you've witnessed?
If you have witnessed a car accident, how bad was it and did you have to give a witness statement or speak on the news?
What do you do when you are good at something but not good enough?
Teachers of reddit, what’s the saddest thing you’ve overheard a student say?
History teachers of Reddit, what is the dumbest history misconception you've had to clear up for a student?
What makes someone come across as disturbed or just “off”?
What was the best life lesson you had learned in an unexpected way?
What is the most moving song you have ever heard?
A question from a resident: When you hear the word "Russia" what are the first thoughts and associations that come to your head?
You're sitting on a toilet, midway through pushing out your biggest shit of the month then suddenly, a big ass cockroach appears out of nowhere and starts crawling around. What do you do?
As a gay or trans person, what do you think of transgender children?
What verse of a song that strongly relates to you, or you feel it may describe your life?
What's that great story you heard and repeated a thousand times only to find out much later that it was a complete lie?
What should i do if i have a pimple like thing on my penis?
Being high, what was your “oh shit! Here we go again” moment?
What is the biggest switcharoo in history?
[Serious] When have your parents been completed assholes for no reason?
Which are some mythological but real artifacts that fulfil any wish?
What are the lyrics in this song?
What are some good reddit subs for health and fitness?
If God and heaven turns out to be real, what would be your worst sin?
Drivers of Reddit, has honking at another car ever gone horribly wrong?
A Few Basic Considerations for Starting an E-Business
What are some ways in which you practice positivity in your life?
Which other countries say "than you for your service" to soldiers?
Do you think it would be possible to sue the government for causing you anxiety over Brexit?
If you could dislike a post what would it be?
Your present-day knowledge and memories are “teleported” to yourself five years prior. How do you convince everyone you’re from the future?
[r/AskReddit] Men or women that have had sex with a man with an abnormally large or abnormally small penis, what was the experience like?
What do you do better with the non-dominant side of your body?
What are things that nobody in their right mind would want to hear?
What's your advice on taking care of parents as they get old ?
Redditors who have sold their souls, what did you sell it for and did it work?
What is your opinion of people named Cecil ?
Men of reddit what is the riskiest place you’ve choked the chicken?
What's the definition and background of the next female version (in the making) of Stalin or Hitler? And if you're too stupid, i guess Trump would be the next example?
What word or phrase used by other cultures or regions do you wish would catch on in your own culture/region?
What is something you learned as a child from the elderly?
People who randomly downvote for no reason, why do you do it?
Psychologists/Psychotherapists/Counsellors/ SSW's, what was the biggest turnaround that you've seen with one of your clients?
Every time I get a cut or scratch, without fail, it will leave a scar or some sort.
Imagine you’re suddenly 5 years old but you still have all the knowledge you have now and someone asks you: « what do wanna do when you grow up? » what’s your answer?
[Serious] How to get puss out of table?
Has being quiet ever got you into trouble?
Dentists of reddit, what is the worst state of teeth you’ve seen and was it stoppable?
What's the worst second-hand embarrassment moment that you've been through?
[Serious] What’s preventing Mercs like Erik Prince from committing crimes?
What is your "I'm in this photo and I don't like it" moment?
Which piece of lie you know of, went really really far ?
What was the last straw that finally quit your job and think "I don't get paid enough to put up with this crap"?
What STILL to This Day PISSES YOU OFF?
When was the last time you sniffed a fat person?
Why are heterosexual women not turned on by the sight of two men kissing in the same way that heterosexual men are turned on by two women kissing?
I could understand Japanese even though I don't speak it.
Teachers of Reddit, what's the most shocking thing a student has ever done?
People of reddit, assist me on my quest for deliciousness. What’s your perfect burger?
What is something that your friend said to you that is so fucked up?
What’s the most unconventional thing you’ve done in your lunch break?
Bill Gates has 48.8 billion dollars in cash, ready to spend. What would you do with that amount of money?
Former alcoholics of Reddit, what was the one episode that made you stop drinking and for how long did you drink?
If you had a challenge to live 100 years in any tv show what,would it be and why?
When, and how, did you meet you're best friend?
What is something that you do on a regular basis that you THINK is unique?
People of reddit, what are some stereotypes of British people that you have found to be true/false?
What is your relationship with religion? (Serious)
Like the movie yesterday, you awake one morning and nobody but you can remember a band. Which band is it for you?
What is in your top 6 continue watching section on netflix?
What do corporations talk about to their employees in diversity training?
People who have killed another person, what was it like?
What is a strange fact that sounds unbelievable or unreal?
What fictional character do you identity with most?
Parents of Reddit, what is the worst reason your kids have been sent home from school?
What’s something you would describe as okay?
Who was the last person to cross your mind, sexually?
What is your all time favourite takeaway meal that you now can make even better yourself.
Redditors who have experimented with psychadelic drugs, what's your funny/crazy/horrifying trip story?
People who do award show edits after receiving Reddit Gold, why did you do it?
What made you forget the grudge you were keeping?
What is your favourite social media and why ?
What's the sneakiest thing you've done at work, on the clock?
What TV show do you know but no one else knows?
If gay is count as a sex why they call people homophobic and not sexist? now since the bot have already die *pronoun have been remove by the bot* need an anti freshman propaganda any suggestion?
What's something which is obvious to you, but no one else seems to realize?
What is your oddest experience during spin the bottle, truth or dare, etc?
Guys, what does your dream girl look like?
You get to name your genitals after the last show you watched, what is it?
Is shitting your pants a lack of willpower?
What's the most memorable life motto you have heard?
What was your funniest fuck up while trying to communicate in a foreign language?
Who is the most unhateable person to ever have exsisted?
What do you think makes your school "unique"?
If you had a dime for every time you what yourself, how much would you have?
What's the best thing you ever ate?
Redditors with really nice skin, what top tips from your regimen can you offer?
What’s the funniest thing you’ve heard or witnessed?
What is a YouTube channel that you subscribe to and regularly watch but can't really explain why?
/u/AutoModerator on “Stupid” people of reddit. How do you know you are less intelligent than most people.
How do I make hard boiled eggs without losing 95% of the egg? I’ve tried everythinggg &amp; it seems like it’s always a 50/50 chance of it working or not 🧐🧐
What is the one moment you sometimes thing back on and cringe?
A interesting middle school crush story that needs some advice.
Subreddit moderators, what is an aspect of your job that most people don’t know about?
Is it enough to wipe your asses off with just toilet paper? I'm really curious.In my country, we wash our asses with water and then use toilet paper. There's a lot of nonsense in my country, But it makes sense to me that I'm talking about. What do you guys think of this?(No offense. Let's be honest)
Dear redditers! This guy has a really tough time and is thinking about ending it all. Plz send him a nice message about how much he is worth, and how it will get better.
If a genie would grant you three wishes and tell you that you can't wish for more wishes, what would you do with those three wishes?
Who is the nicest person you've ever met and what is the nicest thing they've ever done?
Is it possible if I accept one of those Nigerian Prince scams and they steal my money from my bank account, I could sue in order to make a profit? (Given that the scammer is US based)
What celebrity death hit you the hardest and why?
My house burned down and police and fire won't help.
What’s your go-to phony job title when you’re a party or event?
Are boneless chicken wings just chicken nuggets?
What's something iconic your generation is known for that YOU missed out on?
What action/quality do you most like to see in a complete stranger?
What's the most embarrassing/stupid thing you've said to your crush?
Who would the world be better off without?
Which drug would make you more successful at this subreddit?
Teachers of Reddit, we know it's embarrassing for the kids, but what's it like being accidentally called 'mom' or 'dad' by one of your students?
How would you survive if all of your pets, friends and family woke up tomorrow as zombies and tried to attack you? What is your escape plan? What do you do?
What is a product that you can’t believe hasn’t been invented yet?
What’s something you’ve done recently that deserves “Reddit Gold?”
Women of ARAD, how would you feel if your bf groped you in front of your friends?
people of Reddit, what actions have you seen that could be considered "giant dick energy"?
If you somehow you could be teleported into your favorite movie, and live your life as that actor/actress. Which movie and why would you exchange your life for that one?
Y para ustedes cuál es la persona más sobrevalorada de la historia argentina?
[#66|+1953|265] How would you feel about a bot for this subreddit that flags posts if they've been reposted within the last month or so? [/r/AskReddit]
A rich man in a top hat offers you $6700 to earn the nickname “Plum Tomato” in two weeks, without saying the phrase yourself. How do you do it?
What is something about serving in the military that most people don’t know about?
What are some of the best board games you had as a child?
What should you do if you see 7 Karen’s drive by while sitting on a curb in the span of 10 minutes?
What song would be your theme tune?
Besides Keanu Reeves and George Carlin, what one live person and one dead person (brought to life for 1 night only) would you like to have dinner with at the same time?
If you had infinite money, what would you do with it?
Anime lovers of reddit, why do you exist ?
What the weirdest crossover or cross brand you guys have ever seen?
Procrastinators of reddit, what is the worst thing you could have put off, but did anyways?
Thanos snaps half of all life on earth. Every subreddit is tasked with managing the post snap complications. What does each subreddit do?
What job did you want as a kid, and what job do you have now?
People who can play an instrument, what made you learn how to?
What fan theories have you read that completely changed how you looked at a children's cartoon?
What is the corniest thing about your local tv news/weather?
What's a disgusting thing you saw another human casually do?
When you wake up in the morning, what're the first 3 things you check on your phone?
What’s the funniest metaphor or simile you’ve got? “Colder than a steel shitter on the shady side of an iceberg!”
What are the pros/cons of getting married?
What was your favourite part of Nintendo E3?
Are your local Sunday Funnies actually funny?
Write tittle of a last book you readed ?
Why do we do the things we do?
Step-parents of Reddit, What is/was the hardest part about being a step-parent?
How much do you have to carry to school?
What is a good way to stay warm if the utility companies have shut off your heat?
When was the last time you transformed and rolled out?
What’s the best way you’ve overcome procrastination?
Take an existing film title and more rewrite the plot.
What's the best response when your post gets lots of karma but people start repeating the same comment because they haven't read the previous comments?
What experience do you refrain from telling people about because it’s so unbelievable that you’re pretty sure nobody will believe you?
What is one of your pet peeves?
What is your paranormal, home alone story?
Are people on reddit generally older or younger, like 30 + or under 30?
What was the scariest moment of your life?
If peanut butter wasn’t called peanut butter, what would it be called?
What does it take for an ecromorph to become huge ? Any example of athletes?
What would you do if somebody came into the bathroom as you were pooping, coughed and choked and yelled at you through the stall door that you should go see a doctor because of the ungodly stink?
In an alternate reality where everyone is arrested at least one time in their life, why would you end up in the slammer?
What color is this sports bra? I say it’s peach pink but my husband claims it’s light orange and “looks nothing like pink”
What is the weirdest thing you find attractive about someone?
What is the scariest, most disgusting, or riveting event you have seen happen at an amusement park?
What's your "I shouldn't have made it out alive" story?
Teachers of Reddit,what is the worst thing a student has done in your class?
Former Incels who broke their curse, aside from the obvious, what happened?
What is the most mediocre jury rigged item you've seen that worked flawlessly when put to use?
What post has the most upvotes in the history of Reddit?
[Serious] Redditors who didn’t succeed in a suicide attempt, what was going through your mind as your attempt was setting in?
If a restaurant corrects a mistake or bad experience with a free meal without giving a physical voucher, how soon do you collect?
[serious] Who do you consider the great love of your life and are you currently dating/married to them?
Who are your favourite youtubers and why?
What was the food and drink mix that sounded bad but tasted good?
Who is the most underrated person in history?
People of Reddit, what is something you have witnessed/heard that you were not supposed to?
People of Reddit who were getting married and someone actually stood up at the “speak now or forever hold your peace,” what’s your story?
I recently started talking to my ex again after 8 months of no contact. We’ve always vibed well and we both kind of flirt with each other, but it’s hard to tell if she’s really into me or not. How can I tell her how I feel and get her to reciprocate feelings?
What is a goal you are trying to meet right now?
What is your favorite food, and why?
Everyone loves freebies, what are some freebies people should know of?
Do you have a favorite body soap and why?
When Queen Elizabeth dies does his man automatically becomes the king or Charles's wife becomes the next Queen?
Which fictional character do you wish existed?
If a loved one was dying and called you in their last moments, would you rather have one final conversation with them, or a voicemail of their last words to have for the future? Why?
How come race cars can have wheels with a single bolt but most consumer vehicles require 5 or more lug nuts?
What was your moment of realization that working at retail is terrible. If you enjoy working at retail, why?
What's something you don't understand what the BFD is?
Doctors of reddit what are the dangers or benefits of urine therapy
My Ex will never know that i........?
i just saw a very clear single poof of smoke coming from a small/shallow pile of cut logs in my driveway, it also just started raining. wtf is the explanation of this? also where else can i ask this??
What's the most beautiful thing you've ever witnessed?
What drink passes straight through you, that always makes you piss shortly after?
If you could have anything you wanted right now, what would it be?
You have been granted a wish. But there is the catch. You can not choose money or being famous. What would you choose?
When did people start using the word “like” in like every sentence?
Who is the most underrated person in history?
What do you consider to be a language, but isn't recognized as an official language?
What is the most morally reprehensible thing you can think of, and under what circumstance would it be the right thing to do?
Tattoo artists of Reddit, which pieces have you really wanted to do, but nobody asks for?
What are some advancements made by us humans that never ceases to amaze you?
Hey Reddit, whats the biggest “I should be in pain” moment you had?
If you wanted any Anime to be real, which one would it be and why?
How to stay awake and have enough energy at work when you haven’t slept for 24 hours? Keep in mind my job doesn’t just allow me to go and grab a coffee whenever I please because I work retail
What was the weirdest reason someone gave you to not date you?
You have an infinite supply of ONE item that will save the world from extinction. What is it?
If you could break any law, but only once, what would it be?
What’s the scariest story (fake or real), that you can come up with / already know. [serious]
If you had to stay the same age forever, what age would you pick any why?
What was the big scandal at your work/school?
Got any stories about a shitty boss? pls tell me im not the only one
[Serious] Females of Reddit, what are you waiting for?
What's the real life equivalent of a boss fight?
Whats the most messed up way you can describe something(example below)?
What’s a good martial arts to learn?(Serious)
What is a life lesson that you would like to pass down to future generations?
What the craziest thing you've argued for DURING sex?
What’s the most devious scam that has been done to you or a loved one?
What picture becomes increasingly terrifying, the more you know about it?
People of Reddit, have you ever seen a post that you 100% knew was about you? If so, what did it say and how did you handle it?
In what small ways do you "fight the system"?
What's your small act of protest that no one else knows about?
What the meanest thing you’ve done to your S.O??
What’s The Most Cringeworthy Profile Pic You Can Find?
Would you rent an apartment that met most of your criteria, but you got a very shady/negative vibe from the landlord?
Non-Canadians of Reddit who have visited Canada, what surprised you the most?
Prospective international student in America here.Would like to see some tips and tricks on how to survive America101.Would be glad to hear from both Local and International students?
What is the weirdest or best fanfiction you've ever read?
Middle aged students of reddit, whether online or traditional classroom, what was your experience like going back to school after all these years? How did you balance work, home, and school? Is/was it worth it?
Why do or don't you trust your local police?
What’s the most embarrassing thing you’ve ever done or witnessed ?
What is the best way to stop gossip? (Stopping yourself and others)
Native English speakers of Reddit, what is that 'r' like sound I hear between vowels when you say something like "Did you eat?" but sounds like "Did youreet?"
Who's the worst president in your country and why?
When I say purple ice cream, what flavor pops into your head?
What’s a quote from a movie that everyone uses, but most people don’t know where it’s from?
(Serious) Redditors, have you ever ghosted someone that you really liked? If so, why?
How afraid is China of the USA?
How do you make your singing less breathy and weak?
have you ever wanted to ask questions someone who grew up in a religion like polygamy?
If you wanted to meet any dead person, who would it be and why?
Why do most reddit girls enjoy wearing See-thru?
The protagonist of your favourite game or movie gets replaced with Snoop Dogg who doesn't really give a fuck about playing a role as always. What changes?
Mechanics of Reddit, what's was a time you wondered "How did this car even drive here"?
What colour do you think suits you, but when you put it on it looks horrible?
Redditors, has anyone experienced like crazy actions movies scenes in real life?
People who stan a certain group of artists or only one idol, why do you like them and why?
Does water have a taste? Yes or no and why?
[Serious] What specifically is the stigma surrounding mental health? What can be done to help reverse that?
What's the most remarkable cut scene ever in a video game?
What is something that you have sworn to never do again for as long as you live?
if you could be the opposite gender for a day, what would u do?
Why can grooms rent tuxedos for weddings, but women don’t have wedding dresses rental options?
What’s the most awkward situation you’ve ever been in?
How bad, in your opinion, do billy goats actually smell? Is it worse than human BO?
Who is your favourite rebellious fictional character?
[serious] Those of you that hate birthdays and certain holidays, what caused you to hate them?
Redditors, what started out as a small lie but then snowballed into: "This is my life now?"
If you had to be a fish, which one would you choose and why?
You start a company whose name must be a one- to three-word euphemism for its service(s). What is the company's name and what service(s) are offered?
Why haven't the uygurs called for jihad?
What was one of your worst misunderstandings?
What's a type of vehicle you really wouldn't want to hit while driving?
What is the most evil thing you did to a child?
What do you think of the Barbies showcased on the barbiestyle Instagram page compared to the Barbies sold by stores?
If I want to identify stars in the sky at my location right now with only my smartphone, what’s the ideal way to do so?
What are some poor hygiene mistakes that many people make without even realizing ?
Pyschonauts of reddit, what was your trippiest experience, what did you learn from it? what effect did it have on your life?
Self considered heterosexual male users of Reddit, would you try and date a man after constantly failing many times with women?
Why did Iran shoot down an American plane?
Reddit what is the last thing big thing you bought and would you recommend it?
What was your closest near death experience at work?
What is the most fun vacation you’ve ever been on?
Big time reddit posters, how does it feel being a reddit personality?
Is there someone trying to transfer a mind from brain to hardware or to brain in order to prove that the mind and reality are not hardware based?
What's an irreversible mistake you've made in life?
[r/AskReddit] You are given a button that will make you very attractive ,but every Friday you turn into the opposite gender for a whole day. Would you press it and why?
What crazy or funny OCD thing do you do?
What critically/commercially adored property can you not stand?
Why do furrys want to be animals or dress up as them.
Why are women praised and congratulated for cutting their hair short but men with good hair are criticized for shaving theirs off?
Kids of parents who were "snowplow" parents, What is your story?
Reddit: What is your craziest childhood story?
There's an apocalypse. The people can choose only 3 persons who will survive, who will be chosen?
I just met a potentially murderous child cult leader on a kids chatroom. He supposedly recruits kids to become vampires and exsanguinates them to become his vampires. I hooked him up with my "younger sister Nora" (who is really me with a temporary phone number). What should I do? He seems serious
Why do trees grow up, when gravity pushes them down?
What's an idea for a game that will probably never get made?
What is the worst place to find poop?
Former inmates on Reddit, what's the craziest prison event you witnessed or was in?
Whats the most toxic relationship you have been in and what did you do ?
What is something you would like to do if you weren’t judged for doing it?
If some thing went down like the Tokyo inspections, what would you do?
Zoo Workers of Reddit, what's the weirdest/funniest thing you have seen an animal do?
Which do you sleep in, nude, underwear or pajamas and for how long have you been doing this?
What's your "I should've read the manual" moment?
[serious] Clowns of Reddit, why did you decide to become a clown?/Did you go to clown school?/If so, what are some things that you've learned there?
[SERIOUS] Children of abused parents, how are you doing right now? How much did the abuse have an impact on your life?
Have you ever blackmailed someone and made them do what you wanted?and if so what is your story?
What were some examples of dreams you had at first, but then became reality after all?
What are the most downvoted reddit posts that you know of?
How many of you watched the "Slumdog Millionaire" Movie?
Question for guys. How would you react if your wife cheated on you with a woman?
Smart people of Reddit, what tidbit of knowledge do a lot of people seem to always get wrong?
Lawyers, what was it like defending an individual who was 100% guilty?
Niggers of reddit what’s the most racist shit you have herd.
What is the most scariest thing that ever happened to you?
If Iran and America goes to war, which side do you think has a more justified reason to go to war?
What did you do with your first paycheck?
What is your favorite thing about your favorite person?
What will be the highest paying jobs in 2020? GO! 🤑
Redditors who have dated/married foreigners, what is the cultural practice your partner would do that you couldn't understand?
Hey reddit, what’s the most extreme, offensive joke you’ve ever heard of?
Redditors who remember the Vietnam war draft lottery: What was it like?
Class of 2019/ Graduates of Reddit, what is some advice or lessons that must be heard by students that are entering high school or near ending it?
Foreigners that went to Asia, what experience made you say "WTF" ?
Men of reddit how do you rebound after a rejection?
Women of Reddit, what is the most amazing thing you realised about women?
What is the simplest thing that you have ever done that you overcomplicated
What is the most painless, but efficient, way of killing yourself without ending up severely injured?
Christians: What do you think will happen in your heaven which is filled with nuns, virgins and horny priests who were busy fucking children in their lives?
What's the funniest answer you put on a high school exam, any test, or said to a manager during an interview?
What is the weirdest/most stupid thing someone ever said to you in an argument?
What's something personally minor that freaks you out every time you think it?
Besides human beings, which animal is the biggest asshole in nature?
What is your hobby...and how has it gotten "out of control?"
How is climate change affect different part of the world that no one is talking about ?
You have 1 day to live, but for every person you kill, you gain an extra 1 day. What is your game plan for the next 6 months?
Who is the celebrity that you have vivid real life imaginations about. What do you do with them, where do y'all go, etc?
What is the scariest thing that has happened to you while on vacation?
How much do you judge someone based on their grown children (Trump/Biden?)
What is the most common conversation you start when you meet new people ?
What is your funniest “I lost my phone!” Moment?
What is something not recorded that you wish you could see a video of?
Have you ever been in a relationship where your SO's kids or parents made your life miserable or tried to get rid of you? What did you do about it and what was the outcome?
What are some subreddits that annoy you the most?
What makes the Cats vs Dogs debate so divisive?
For all you EPIC GAMERS: What has been your worst gaming moment?
youth of reddit, do old people worldwide stop you in the middle of the street ti tell you the story of their lives or something in these lines?
How do i stop masturbating to much?
Do you prefer the newer Reddit app over Alien Blue?
Brits: How long does it take for CPS ( Crown Prosecution Service) to make a decision?
How do you deal with parents splitting up?
what was the best thing you said with your friend at the same time?
How often do you see your parents cuddling?
What's the most irritating part of your job?
What celebrity’s attitude screams “I’m better than you”?
Why doesn't the government use Hollywood much anymore like in the 60s?
People of reddt, what did you think about the opposite gender that was entirely wrong?
what is a quantifiable ( number wise) way to measure the value of a man and what is said number ?
What song do you play when testing out a sound system / headphones?
/u/AutoModerator on Is switzerland worth it for travel?
What drivers do you need to update in your body? How out of date are they?
People with ADHD, what do you do to manage it?
Why is there no subreddit dedicated to big people drinking small drinks? Furthermore, why is there no subreddit of small people drinking large drinks? How could we work together to change this?
What does a fat persons navel smell like?
Why is it that anime characters have big eyes when in actuality Japanese people have small, squinty, beady eyes?
Ladies and gentlemen of Reddit, what is your most awkward random hookup story?
What is one thing you hate about living in this day and age?
What is best / worst Cards against Humanity card / combo you have ever seen?
office workers of reddit, what do you wish someone told you before you started your job?
Do you believe reddit should keep allowing redditors to post about their Holocaust denial to /conspiracy? If so or if not, why?
Which was worse? Bambi’s mom or Mufasa?
Former kidz bop kids of reddit, what was the experience like and how do you feel about it now?
If you could travel in time to any point in history to stop a event from ocurring, which one would be and why?
What made your favorite teacher your favorite?
Do you scroll through posts or swipe through them??? Why?? Or no preference???
You redditors got weird usernames. What's your favourite story behind a username (not your own)?
What things do we do as a society that make zero sense?
What is a law you think should be implemented worldwide?
What happened when you said, I should have read the fine print?
What is the best news you received today?
Who has had the greatest impact in your life, good or bad?
In what ways have you changed in the past 5 years?
If you have somewhere you refuse to shop/spend money, where is it and why?
Rock listeners of Reddit. What has been your favourite band and why?
I just had the funniest conversation in my life.
Why would automatic doors at the library cost $3 million?
What inspired your parents to give you the name you have?
What drawing software would you recommend for Mac?
I want to start exploring the dark web and for that I am looking to run a virtual machine on my Windows operating system.Whats the best program to run a VM and I would like to know more about the dark web and how to use it?
Is their any white lies you told for the greater good? If so what was it?
People who were poor and resourceless, How did you get out of poverty?
What is your favorite candy and why?
Is there a sub for people accidentally correctly predicting the future?
[Serious] What deficiencies/disabilities do you have that you're trying to hide?
What's the irl version of a right click?
HR Wizards of Reddit. How do I go about bringing up a mental disability without automatically being passed over for the next candidate?
What if your most recent minor injury (paper cut, finger jam, etc.) became 50x more painful how much pain would you be in?
What is one thing that you hate/hated about your school?
Redditors who still use cash as your primary day to day mode of payment: What's your reason?
People of Reddit what is a go to meal you prepare for your other half ?
What was the last argument you won?
What is the richest Thing someone has done in front of you?
Redditors who work on live chat for company websites, what’s your most memorable conversation with a customer?
What musician/band from this decade, do you think will go down in history, the way Mozart, Beethoven, Pink Floyd, Queen etc. did, and why?
What's the most ridiculous thing you believed in before someone corrected you?
What’s the biggest jealousy driven act of vandalism you’ve ever witnessed?
Creative people of Reddit, what is the most creative thing you have ever done/said?
Ex-Nice people of reddit, what made you into a jaded asshole?
You can only choose one song to impress intergalactic visitors? What do you play?
Tattoo artist, what pieces do you think would be cool to do?
What’s the weirdest routine you have seen someone do?
Is it normal that I’m right handed and press the upvote button with my left hand?
Parents of reddit, what makes your kid weird and what's your go to excuse for why they are that way?
What clothing outfit / look is a real turn on?
Who is an underrated musician that you have heard and what song or trait made you think that way?
What opinion gets downvoted often on reddit?
If you got paid $100 every time you do a burpee AND $3 for every calorie you consume, would you be healthier in a year?
Men of Reddit, what’s a good or bad experience that women will never get to have?
If you were to travel completely around the world where would you be sure to make some pit stops?
How to say no without using the word no?
How do you deal with post-workout tiredness?
What is the best time and day to post on reddit?
Are There Any Mysteries, Secrets, Interesting Facts, About Dulles International Airport?
If you suddenly became rich, what normal/poor people activities would you still partake in?
Possible Discussion on /r/AskReddit in post "What kind of experiences have you had with Jahova's witnesses?"
You are suddenly teleported 20 feet to the left. How does that change your present situation?
What makes you grateful to experience life on Earth?
What game or movie, if given a gritty reboot, do you actually think would work?
If the world would end in a giant apocalypse what would it be?
What's the creepiest, most haunted or eerie place you've been to?
What is a good excuse for your repeated mistake, assuming you already did that mistake 100 times before?
What was your story, where in your thoughts there was only one phrase "Everything, I died ..."?
What's the reason behind Airplane mode and WiFi disabled on flights?
How hard is to be a Genius?
How would your version of "Twinkle twinkle Little star" be like?
Corporate Office workers of Reddit what job in your company in 2019 , made you say " we still have someone doing that?"
You can take your mind 10 years back in time. What would you do differently?
What is the best underrated movie that everyone should see?
"Serious" What are common superstitions that people everywhere still believe today?
[SERIOUS] Former Gang members/organized crime members: What is the craziest situation you've been in? What made you decide to join?
What will happen if you named your child personal toy?
Women of Reddit. What’s the best pickup line a man has used on you?
how does it feel to have your AskReddit post blow up?
Which celebrity do you think is ugly
What do you think would happen if every Redditor got placed into one large room?
Minecraft or Terraria players of Reddit what was your best build or machine that had a flaw in it's design backfired?
Should i give sorrow ? or turn around n sneer ?
Redditors, who make YouTube Videos for a living, what is it like?
Teachers of Reddit, do you look up your students on social media? If so what did you find?
To those who have defended someone you hated, or who were defended by someone who hated you: what happened?
What are some consumer unions in the US?
What part of a persons face do you look when in a conversation or watching people talking on screen?
/u/AutoModerator on What is a tounge twister? What is the hardest tounge twister you know?
Whats the most alcohol you've ever had one night?
Hairdressers of Reddit, what's the weirdest haircut that you've been asked to do?
When you're pissed at someone or something, what's your preferred swear word or phrase?
What would be the most embarrassing way to die?
Children of entitled parents, what's the worst thing your parents did?
What's something going on in some small corner of the web right now that more people should be aware of?
What are some amazing short anime series that you can finish in one afternoon?
How to deal with Bacne (back acne) and blackheads on nose?
[SERIOUS] What is your scariest paranormal experience?
How old were you and what happened the first time you got truly and sincerely drunk?
Girls of reddit, do you judge a guy by his car or financial situation sometimes?
What is the weirdest thing you have done?
What’s something you hide from your significant other that would ruin your relationship if they found out?
Those who suffer from sleep paralysis, what is the worst episode you have had?
How do you recognize an Incel *before* they blow up at you?
If one was to start a soap/sanitary items drive for the migrant children in detention centers, is there any way to ensure they will actually receive these items? Like, if a bunch of boxes of soap show up at various detention centers across the US... they wont just throw them out, right?
You need to go back and time and annoy a young parent without them knowing, what do you do and why?
What is the most awkward situation you have ever been in?
What is the weirdest picture in your phone?
What is the worst thing that you did as a child and gotten away with?
How long will it take me to go from 383 karma at time of posting to 400?
People of reddit, how would you feel about a rule against reposting the same fucking question 70 times in a week?
What would be your first move if you controlled the world?
What's a story you have been waiting to recount that no one has asked for yet?
Is it normal that I have a crush on every girl that shows me basic kindness?
What is the Cutest, Fittest, and just overall best breed of dog?
Might be the wrong sub BUT, what are some of your favorite acoustic tracks from any style of metal/hxc band?
What's something that seemed incomprehensible to you as a kid but now makes sense?
Anyone else like before porn interviews more than the actual porn?
How do you celebrate your Nation's holiday?
What is the average age of Reddit users ?
Atheists and religious people of Reddit, what do you admire about the other group of people?
What is your stance on forgiveness? Forgive and forget, forgive but don’t forget, not at all, or something entirely different?
Are there plants that repel mosquitoes effectively?
If you have a job where calling in sick hurts your promotion chances a lot, how many days worth of pay would you give up in exchange for a day off Scott Free, on a day you're very hung over?
What is the most embarrassing situation you’ve ever been in?
What is the best way to get karma on your reddit birthday?
People who have amplified musculoskeletal pain syndrome, what’s it like and how do you manage everyday life with it?
What is the most illegal thing you've ever done?
What is an obscure/random memory from your childhood?
Science teachers, what is the funniest science fair topic that you have ever seen?
Why is Black mirror season 5 so bad? (Besides episode 2)
What stupid thing did you believe for too long?
How to get rid of horror movie thoughts?
What current fad or trend do you think will age the fastest and hardest?
Before going to America, what is the thing that must be done?
What's the weirdest WikiHow article you've read?
What is something you told yourself you wouldn't like that turned out to be something you love?
Is a dad who buys alot for things and spends alot of money on the kid and only talks about the things he spent money on with the kid but doesn't actually really talk about anything else with the kid a good dad? Like almost every conversation with the dad ends up with him saying how lucky he is
What should everyone try at least once in their life?
If there was one celebrity you would marry who would that celebrity be?
What was the reason someone you once found extremely attractive became suddenly gross/unattractive?
Best f*ck it way to quit your job?
If you had the ability to change from first person view to third person view permanently, would you do it and how would you use this new perspective?
well, it say that we all started from a form of a bacteria-like ancestors, do you agree? why or why not?
What are some of the little things we can do everyday to help the plant?
Students of reddit, what have you done to recieve some money while in college and how did you feel after you've done it?
Men of Reddit, what advice would you give Women to be better girlfriends?
How do you if your new friend (should/will) be your bestfriend forever?
If you could eliminate one thing in the world, what would it be?
Where did Dostoevsky say "we are citizens of eternity"?
people of reddit, what are some of your favorite sex positions and how do you do them?
What are good hobbies? Nothing where one has to be on a regular day, I travel a lot due to work, so this never works out. Something that would also help to get/stay in shape. But not running, that is too obvious.
Me and my wife are on our honeymoon and at all inclusive beach resort. We want to play a people watching game specifically devoted to watching other couples but don’t have any good ideas. Do the amazing/creative people of reddit have any ideas for us?
What is something a middle schooler today wouldn’t understand that you experienced in middle school?
Amino Acid Home Work - Python3 ?
Parents of Reddit: what advice do you have to ensure you maintain intimacy &amp; connection after having a baby?
What do you do to kill time at work?
Who do you purposely avoid at the office?
What is your 'I got my crush to like me' story even though you had no chance?
How has your life changed in the last 5 years?
People of Reddit what are your scariest or disturbing true stories on the middle of the night alone.
Former addicts of reddit, what's your story?
Why do the English treat people with red hair so poorly?
Cops of Reddit, what's the most irrational, stupid, or insane 911 call you've had to respond to?
Women of Reddit what do you think is the best thing of being a man?
People who graduated college in 2008, how hard was life during the recession? Where did you end up because of it?
What simple and basic landline phones or other services can assist elderly people with staying in touch with family and friends?
People multilingual people. How many languages do you know and how long did it take you to get to where you are now?
People who have played truth or dare: what was your worst dare?
What is something you knowingly refuse to accept?
What is a simple mind hack that has helped you become awesome?
What will be obsolete in 10 years?
What would happen if we quarantined all of the fat people in the US?
where can i purchase geiger counter in the us?
What is something a food company does to try and trick us?
If you had to switch any two body parts (that would still function) what would they be?
When you think of Colombia, what are some of the good things and bad things that come to mind?
What's the one item that keeps getting lost and shows back up?
Why do Americans care so much about countries like Russia interfering in US politics but dont understand/ care that countries like Saudi Arabia and Israel have been doing so for years? [Serious]
What's an example of someone trying to cheat the system and still losing?
What's something you've achieved recently that you're proud of?
People of Reddit, which subreddits need to be called out to improve their moderation team?
Which City or Town near you is always horribly mispronounced by Outsiders?
What life mistake are you glad you made in retrospect? Knowing what you know, would you choose to make it again?
Where is the creepiest place to go in the dark by yourself?
What was something you almost did in the past that could have majorly changed your life in the worst way possible?
What words do you want engraved on your tombstone?
Atheists, what do you respect about religious people? (Please be nice in the comments)
What was the most badass dream you’ve ever had?
Students of Reddit, what is the weirdest question you got on a test?
What advice do you have for teens going to college or joining the workforce?
If you could sing karaoke with one person, living or dead with, who would it be, and what song would you sing?
Which presidential candidate do you hope wins in 2020 and why?
Any online product/company/tool which was acquired/shuted down/discontinued but you still would missing it?
People of Reddit who had their hearts broken, did it change you? If so, in what way?
How did you get to the front page of reddit?
What's the best/nicest way to stop being friends with someone?
If you had to remake an old film, which one would you remake and who would be your ideal modern cast?
What are interesting ways of using Reddit ?
What books should everyone read before they pass?
Redditors, what is the most useless thing you learned at school?
Making toast, what to put on it ?
Scenario: you are required to coexist within the same household as one celebrity/well known person for the remainder of your existence. Who do you choose, why?
Is there a verb for exhaling quickly through your nose when something is funny but not that funny?
People that never had to work hard in school, did you do well in the end?
Why is America/USA so politically divided as of right now?
YOU ARE CURSED (oh no) but your curse is very useless and stupid what will it be?
why wasn't leonardo dicaprio at his gfs birthday party?
Is virtue signalling the same as being self righteous?
Should I go to another doctor, if this one seemed unsure?
What intimate (non-sexual) moment did you unintentionally share with a stranger?
My friend claims that it is IMPOSSIBLE to die if you are in a house fire. Not improbable, impossible. How stupid is my friend?
Vietnamese or Thai speakers, what was the most surprising thing you've heard in a nail salon about you or another customer, when the employee wasn't aware you spoke the same language?
If you had the powers of Superman, would you consider appropriate to intervine or mediate in global conflicts?
Doctors/Corpsman of Reddit, what are some funny and fucked up stories you have?
What inspired you to do what you're doing and what is that?
Are you a loving person like God - love God, love fellow and enemies? Why or not?
what is better than 3 girls blowing you?
What is the most fucked up community in Reddit?
What are some negative effects you’ve personally witnessed in the last few years that were caused my social media?
What is the simplest thing you’ve done that made your life better?
Reddit, do you believe weed is addictive?
If you could choose ANYONE to be President, who would you pick and why?
If the world turned post-apocalyptic tomorrow, what books would be the most valuable/useful to own?
If you could be any real person alive or dead, who would it be?
What's the rudest thing a guest has done in your home?
What would a leaving teacher love to read in a letter?
[SERIOUS] What is one thing that you are really good at?
If a hot girl walks by in Yoga Pants, every guy definitely will take notice. What would make every woman take notice about a hot guy?
Without looking, what would we find under your bed right now?
What’s a real book that you can actually buy that would be awkward if you had to read it on public transport?
[Serious] What's the worse traumatic experience you've seen someone have?
What’s the last thing you copied and pasted? (Ctrl V in comments)
When you go to a bar or out to eat alone, what are you really thinking about?
What's a job that would not exist in the 1980s?
Reddit, why are you a bad person?
Redditors who did a r/roastme post, what were your thoughts after reading the comments about you?
Cheap asses of reddit, what are you saving cash on that is costing the rest of us?
What's the most effective way to get in shape at last minute for the summer?
Straight men often like watching lesbian porn, but do straight women enjoy gay porn ?
What stranger's (including celebrities) death hit you the hardest and why?
Redditors, what if a person has feelings for his friends Ex? Does this mean violation of Bro Code?
Any suggestions on a TV series to watch on Netflix ?
Introverts, how did you find your love?
Reddit, do you prefer taking a shower in the morning or at night? Why?
Plane rider of Reddit what was the weirdest thing that happened in a plane?
If someone has relations with animal meat, is it beastiality or necrophilia
[Serious] What is the cheapest and healthiest way to consume Nicotine?
What’s the worst thing you did today?
What is an unusual sound that makes you want to rip your ears off?
What is one thing you want to do but your parents won't allow?
Should young teens weight-lift? If not why?
If you were stranded on a island with just one subreddit to help you survive, which one would you choose?
Parents of Reddit: What Baby Gear Will Actually Make My Life Easier, and What is Overhyped and Useless?
What's a great, non-violent, and intuitive use for automatic / semi-automatic puns and why?
Thinking about our fathers today, what food do you associate with your dad?
Anyone have their pet or pertners pet join in when having sex?
What was the most unprofessional thing you've experienced while interviewing for a job?
TSA officers of reddit, what is the strangest item you have found in somebody’s bag?
Should my sister dye her hair purple right now?
What is a super power that humans could conceivably develop either through genetic modification or evolution?
Why are illegal immigrants oppressing US citizens &amp; taking advantage of them?
Have any of you ever upvoted any of my posts before?
What's the most beautiful song you've heard?
What do you regret most about 7th grade/middle school?
What is the best thing you've done for someone secretly?
People Reddit why do Catholic's and Religion as whole get so much hate and backlash? More info below! :)
What's the most inventive way you've seen someone sneak something past security?
What’s the reason adult men like anime so much?
What's the best and worst movie you've seen?
What’s your favorite sex position to “buss a nutt” in?
/If the locket Horcrux that was in the cave had been in an enchanted bowl of Lord Voldemort's pee instead of the water, would Dumbledore still have had to drink it? Why or why not?
Immigrants of Reddit, what was your "Yup, I totally belong to my new country now" moment?
What can you type to end up with exactly ONE result on Google ?
Who are you waiting for a message? Why?
What is your favorite school brawl? What happens?
What’s something you thought was cool until you found out it’s mild annoyance?
What’s something people spend way to much money on but is essentially worthless?
People who have smashed their video game controllers, why?
What is the best SpongeBob video game?
Grandchildren of reddit, what's the coolest thing you've ever witnessed your grandparent do?
What is your favourite tv series intro?
People of reddit who have shitty bosses, why are they so shitty and why haven’t you quit?
What's the dumbest excuse you have used, to get out of an awkward situation?
How can blood taken today tell you about the last 3 months?
What comes to mind when you think of the country of America right now?
Prisoners of reddit, what was the best thing about being there?
Former and current users of omegle, what is the creepiest/odd thing you have ever seen in their website?
What is your ‘first date gone wrong’ story?
people who live in Gary, Indiana ,what the fuck is going on there?
Bikers/Cyclists, what’s the worst accident on a bike you’ve had/seen?
how do you get your shit together?
Thrift shoppers of reddit what is the best bargain you have found?
What is too far when it comes to sex for you? At what point do you draw the line?
What are signs that indicate a toxic person?
Doctors of reddit, what is the worst injury you’ve ever seen?
What fake story did you read here on reddit that you can’t get out of your head? A story so cringey that you wonder how the OP thought it was plausible
Which game Character(s) make you impressive? Why?
Video gamers or Reddit, Xbox or PlayStation?
Why have a ask the moderator section at a subreddit if no one ever replies?
Would reddit be a more interesting place for you if reposting was entirely impossible?
Whats your most favourite meal to eat?
If you had only one wish what would you fish for?
I’m a straight male who wants to find other straight men to give each other release, but I want this to be extremely discrete and anonymous. I prefer using an app where we can exchange pictures prior, what app would I use?
Medical professionals of Reddit, what's the craziest story you have of a patient?
Men, briefs or boxer briefs and why?
[Serious] Non-STEM college graduates: did getting a degree really improve your job prospects?
Why the fuck is a monitor stand priced at $999 ?
What's a story when you try to tell no one believes you?
Is there really a difference between the way the Americans and the Europeans dress themselves ?
Why is Popeye not considered a racist caricature of white men by progressives?
What are some tell tale signs that your new job will be a nightmare?
What are some good arguments about Minecraft being better than Fortnight?
Am I the only one that thinks it is not smart to have kids with someone whom you’ve not even dated 1 year?
Is there any way, no matter how unlikely, that Hong Kong can gain independence from China?
Redditors who have been in an asylum, how was it like? What did you do to get in there?
What is the worst situation/thing you’ve ever laughed at?
How comfortable do you feel about showing me your feet?
What are the stupidest reasons you’ve been fired for?
If you could have only one drink on a date, what would you drink?
People in millennial interracial relationships, what problems did your think you'd have before marriage? What problems did you actually have?
Examiners, what are the funniest/weirdest/scariest things you’ve seen on a test?
Is anyone on here contemplating suicide? Why? If you don't know what life has in store why would you choose to end it prematurely?
Have you ever dated someone who was previously in an abusive relationship, and did that affect your relationship with them?
Got a question about colorblindness? Feel free to ask here.
For the sons: How many fathers told you they loved you?
What would you do if your children became the type of person you hate?
Women of ARAD who enjoy violent sex (slapping, bites, hits with the belt, etc...): how many times does this happen because you had a father who used to beat you during childhood ?
What’s the story of your first kiss?
You’re 30yo, you’ve accidentally killed someone during a bar fight. Sentenced to 25 to life, OR the gov’t will wipe your entire memory, letting you walk free that day. Which would you choose &amp; why?
People with siblings, what’s the weirdest thing you’ve caught them doing?
Explosive workers of reddit, what was your "Oh shit" moment at work? [serious]
What's the most satisfying time someone got told to STFU in front of or by you?
What’s the outright dumbest fucking thing you’ve ever heard a stranger say?
People of Reddit, If you were an ordinary Russian, Eastern European or a Central Asian, What would be your best course of action in surviving the great purge? And if possible, How would you ensure safety and survival of your family?
Give me one good reason against something you stand for
What is something gross that people do almost everyday?
Need advice on coworker who was interested in me but now gives me the cold shoulder. What to do?
Whats your favourite little known movie quote?
Men of Reddit, how much does a woman's appearance matter to you?
Redditors with two moms or two dads, what are they each called in your contacts?
Doctors of reddit, what kinds of patience down't deserve your time and why?
Is there a sub for great comebacks? Like r/murderedbywords by unexpected rebuttals.
What in life needs a perfect circle to function and why?
[Serious] Americans, how do you make coffee? - English guy
What’s the most effective weapon you could get for 5 bucks or less?
Which year bore the most cringey events and trends?
People of Reddit, what's a time that just made you go "well i'm screwed"?
Can you describe any demons you might have that leave on the dark side of your personality? What awakens them, what is the experience like and how do you put them to sleep?
I got a black eye from my sister, is that normal? (Serious)
Women of Reddit, which gender you're more sexually attracted to and, rate the sexual attraction to the genders on a scale of 10 ?
Did you marry your first SO! How'd it go?
What piece of information do you feel genuinely privileged to know?
When was the time you regret attending a family gathering and why?
What is the ‘wisest’ thing you’ve ever heard someone say?
Lawyers of reddit, what was a time when you had to defend someone in the wrong?
[serious] What made you realise that the person you were in a relationship with was toxic?
What's the dumbest question you have ever seen on this subreddit?
[serious]Black Redditors, when and how did you learn about slavery?
Redditors, what's a *believable* lie that could be used to impress someone?
What is your favourite place to do some good reading?
[Serious] South Korean Redditors, is “fan death” really as big a fear there as it is made out to be? Do younger generations have the same fear of fans?
How was your first time having sex?
Men/women/others of Reddit, what about a woman would put you off them?
Fathers of reddits who went to "get milk" and never came back, why?
Whats something modern day people would know how to solve that people in the medieval period wouldn't. Not necessarily a really specific skill or expertise but more general knowledge?
Truck Drivers of Reddit - what are some of the craziest things you've seen other people doing in cars during your long commutes?
People who have filed restraining orders on someone, whats the wierdest/creepiest way they have violated them?
When has your resting bitch face screwed you over?
What’s the best way to help someone move on from a breakup?
What are you counting down to at the moment?
You have to get rid of one numerical digit between 0-9. What is a real world consequence of you removing this digit?
Amusement Park employees of Reddit, what’s your average day like behind the scenes?
Sauce kings and Queens of reddit, What is the best sauce/ condiment out there?
What is the thing that you would give your life for?
Why don't they make movies like Troy, Gladiator, LOTR anymore?
Redditors who got married young, what was it like?[Serious]
Which song still sounds great while playing in reverse?
I spoke with a journalist about where to get US government information, and I told her to call the Pentagon. She was 22, and never heard of the Pentagon. So when did YOU learn you were old?
Would you give your partner a second chance when he or she cheated on you? Why not, why yes?
You are offered immortality with a catch. You can still feel pain and sustain injuries, wounds never fully heal. Do you accept, and why?
How would you feel if your partner always put their phone on do not disturb on road trips?
Intead of an Apple pro stand, what could you buy with $999?
Gamers/Game Designers of Reddit, what are some of the best design tricks you've noticed/been told about in games?
Lottery winners of Reddit. How long had you been trying before actually winning and what did you end up doong with the money?
What is/was your most ambitious DiY Project?
Students of reddit, what's the stupidest thing you got in a load of trouble for?
Dear Reddit, what instance made your life flash before your eyes?
Redditors. What are you doing at work now and what do you love about your job?
Truck Owners of Reddit what is your go to when someone ask you to help them move?
What Is A Moment Of Instant Karma That You've Witnessed?
You are at a carnival, full of traditional carnival games...which one do you think you have the best chance of dominating?
At what point of robotic body augmentation is a human considered a cyborg?
If you could create a new wonder of the world for people to be amazed at, what would it be?
People that are fraudulently kind, how do you live with yourself?
What's something you can't forgive yourself for?
Can you describe how you think or process thoughts?
If you could go anywhere in the US and were given $1,000 and told you had to turn it into $100,000 and you could keep it, how would you do it?
/u/AutoModerator on was there piece of advice you got you wish you used differently. I.E advice you ignored that would of helped in a situation or the opposite?
What are three items that solo won't raise an odd thought but bought together would make a cashier blush?
So my friends and I had a question, Can cum go bad? Like chunky milk style bad?
What do you consider to be the most badass male and/or female names?
What is something you desired as a kid but think is stupid now?
Why aren’t we 9 months old the moment we are born?
What piece of knowledge would have saved you a ton of trouble had you only had it at the right time?
What is the best thing you can get at a $1 Store?
Teachers of Reddit, what names have been ruined forever by a student?
Naturally impatient people, did you ever become more patient and if so, how?
What have you done recently to become a better person?
What’s a good comedy sketch you’ve thought of that you wish someone would film?
People of Reddit who are in a relationship with a deaf person, what is the most challenging, most rewarding, or most entertaining thing about your relationship?
What do you find yourself thinking about when you’re alone?
Why US get criticized for illegal immigrant dying crossing the border?
Will i get erectile dysfuntion if i unironically laughed at an r/ComedyCemetery meme with everyone agreeing about how unfunny it was in the comments?
IF YOU COULD KILL OFF ANY CHARACTER FROM A CURRENT TELEVISION SHOW, WHO WOULD IT BE.?
What makes you think that life passed you by?
To the dudes of reddit: what do u feel when ur friend(platonic f) gets stared at by other guys and wwyd?
What is the earliest memory you have?
Do you think it is weird for people to have multiple throw off accounts just to try something risky?
How badly can you describe your profession such that nobody would come to know what you do?
Dear rich people of Reddit. What are some "Rich People Problems"? Similar to what "First World Problems" that is commonly joked about?
What scenes in a TV show made you cry/put a lump in your throat?
what makes you feel like a level 1 bad guy?
What makes you think of someone as "sexy"?
What is a conspiracy theory that you believe in or makes sense to you?
I draw a lot of scp's, and I'm out of ideas, What're some uncommon scp's to draw?
What change(s) drastically increased morale at your workplace?
/u/permalink_save on Women of Reddit, what do you think would be the worst thing about being a man?
Help! My neighbor, who is Indian, believes my 5 month old puppy is going to attack him even though he’s on our side of a 4’ fence. I’ve taken him in every time but I’m getting frustrated. Our puppy is great, friendly and professionally trained. Should I tell him to piss off???
How do you move on when an ex has given you something you can’t get rid of?
Is it weird that want an autistic partner?
Guys, what is the most obvious "hint" you got from a girl that turned out to not be one?
Housemates of reddit. What songs or ways can I smoke screen my own sex so it’s not awkward for you?
What's the most shameful thing an internet celebrity has done?
depressed people of reddit, are you all okay now? how's life for you all now?
(SERIOUS) Male redditors, why do you pee standing instead of sitting?
What is the real life equivalent of a "how was that not a head shot" moment in a video game?
What are some of the most entertaining r/relationship_Advice posts you have seen?
Is there any person (dead or alive) everyone hates but you think he/she has some great abilities or did something great?
[Serious] What important documents should you always have to hand if needed?
What anger you have kept to yourself for a long time?
What's the strangest thing that's happened on televised competitive football (soccer)?
People of reddit what is the funniest thing you you have heard a friend say?
Non- Americans of Reddit, what is something from America that you wish you could have in your own country?
If you were to die tomorrow, how many people would come to your funeral?
Has any of such porn video stories really happened to you?
What do you think happens after death
What do you think the world would be like today if the internet was invented 30 years earlier?
What other bathrooms do you think Larry Craig could have also gotten arrested in?
What’s the first thing you’d do if you woke up one day and you were the opposite sex?
People who had a family member on the Titanic, how did other people describe it?
What's the most effective way to convince your bf or gf you're not cheating and have them believe it?
Parents of Reddit, what is the most fucked up thing you found in your child's bedroom?
Redditors whose partner wears a nightie, what do you like about this?
[Serious] Hackers of Reddit, what is the stupidest thing you have ever done?
Fathers of Reddit, what tips will you give to a new soon to be father?
Redditors that have worn the BDSM symbol in public and were recognized; what happened?
Whats one thing you wish people would stop saying?
Who can predict the next false flag act that America will claim Iran has perpetrated?
Firstborns of Reddit: Do you ever feel cared for enough by your family/siblings? Or do your needs keep getting pushed back in the list of priorities?
[serious]. Do any older west coast redditors recall plentiful salmon harvests? If so, please explain the details.
How do you shave down there so its smooth and not get any itchy bumps?
Do you ever wonder why we're here?
Am freaking out slightly, does any one have HPV? What kind? How has it effected you?
Redditors: What are some stereotypes about your country people from outside always get wrong?
What is/are the moments in your life where you literally stopped functioning? What happened?
People who "bought" a mail order bride or concidered it: Why did you do it or want to do it and why did you choose the one you did?
When was a time you got in trouble for something you didn’t do?
When did you last hear your stomach growl?
What the fuck happened to you lately?
This probably doesn't belong here but, have any of you ever been watching youtube or something, with your back facing your dark and empty room and then you get an ad that's horror related and just slowly turn back to facing the room with your back against the wall and just stayed there?
Is it a good idea to go solo in a club as a man and why?
Webdesigners of reddit: Because of the GDPR, does a website have to work without cookies whatsoever or can I implement 10 or so 3rd party sites (e.g. forbes.com) and still not violate EU rules?
How do I leave a good impression on an employer?
How would you feel about a law that requires people over the age of 65 to pass a specialized driving test in order to keep driving?
If you come into contact with your bully from back in the day, what do you do?
Where there any historical events that are more unbelievable than their portrayal in pop culture (movies, stories, etc)?
What are some useful browser extentions for Chrome/Firefox?
Why do people look down on introverts and yet say that parties, drinking, smoking and and all that stuff are great?
People who have improved their self esteem, how did you do it?
You're stuck on a desert island for the rest of your life with a lifetime supply of fresh water and a lifetime supply of one food ingredient, what is that food ingredient?
Flip coin and tell which side you got heads or tails??
How do you deal with crippling loneliness?
What's your experiences with dating a mixed ancestry girl, do we have identity problems or get too much attention?
Is there a difference between laughing at a fail, where a guy ends up squirming on the floor with a red face, possibly screaming or crying, and one where a girl does?
You have a 4 letter word to describe yourself..what is it?
If God made a playlist, what songs would be on it?
What's something you can never have enough of?
What show has the best theme song?
Couples of Reddit, what do you enjoy doing that is free?
The meme gods have granted you the power to create any meme that will inevitably blow up. What’s your meme?
What is your go-to mobile game currently?
What porn situations have you found yourself in IRL?
What stranger have you sat next to on a bus?
What do you guys find most attractive about your S.O.?
Redditors for work regular office hours, how do you deal with the horrible traffic and lunch crowd?
You’ve heard the statement, “There’s no such thing as a stupid question.” What’s a stupid question?
What is an outrageous life hack you know that stuns the people around you?
What is a Bible verse that nowadays has an entirely different meaning than it used to have?
People of reddit, how do you realize that you're over an ex/crush?
You can do one thing once without any coincidences, what is it?
What’s the cut off age for being too old to believe in Santa?
Redditors, do you or anyone you know have a one that got away story?
People who started college late, how was it?
Doctors of reddit, what are your best stories of people saying/doing weird things under anesthesia?
How do you catch up with people you used to hang out with and ask to see each other?
Africans of Reddit, what is your country like?
What is the best form of homie love you’ve seen?
Your response is "sorry, but it worked when I saw it on the internet", what exactly did you do?
What makes bad movie a bad movie?
What are some easy-to-enter business ideas for which there is/will always be a market, for the foreseeable future and why do you think so?
Doctors of reddit, how did you overcome your fear of ghosts or dead people (if you had one)?
If you could bring one person back from the dead who would it be ??
Looking back, what was the best job you ever had?
Women of reddit, have you ever been to a rub n tug, or purchased pleasure? If so, what was your experience like?
People that have had sex with different penis shapes. what about the dick shape, It really matters, increase or decrease the pleasure?
People who work at Area 51, what do you do at your job?
What part of history do schools need to teach?
Can we actually create Artificial Gravity that we can use in spaceships?
What is your greatest accomplishment this month?
To the people who’ve cheated on their partner and kept it a secret
Can you describe your job/profession in a way that it sounds illegal?
People in a relationship with a significant age difference - what's your story?
What’s a job where everyone involved seems genuinely happy?
Adults of reddit what’s your best story from being drunk you remember (serious)
Like asbestos, cigarettes or lead paint. What do you think will be the next thing we learn has been killing us this whole time and what will the fallout be?
Would you rather hear the good news or the bad news first? Why?
Hi Reddit. Have you ever had a dream that felt so real and loving, that when you woke up you became upset over the fact that it wasn't real? I had a dream similar to this with someone I've never met, and I was wondering if anybody else has had a similar experience.
What things did your parents use to beat you as a child?
What are some ironies of romantic relationships?
What is one thing you wish you told your best friend in highschool before you moved on
People who believe vaccine causes autism. Why do you think so?
[Serious] For those of you who have lost a loved one, how long did it take before they appeared in your dreams, or came to you in another way?
How did you get through the saddest point of your life?
What is the straightest thing you have done even tho you are gay?
Let's play Cards against humanity. Here's the black card: "Ahhh... there's nothing like ________ to sustain my happiness in this harsh world". Who can come up with the best thing to fill the gap?
What's one thing you bought that you couldn't really afford to buy but was well worth it?
Do business owners have the right to refuse service to customers? Why or why not?
Reddit what is the most infamous product recalls?
Hello , can someone tell me whats her name or her instagram profile?
If your deceased loved one was alive for one day, what would you do with them?
How did the 2008 financial crisis affect you?
What file in your computer is the most important to you, and why?
Was it worth it waiting till marriage?
Ex-additcs of reddit, how did you manage to be clean, how did it affect your life?
Whats a good name for a star?
What's something you miss about being a little kid?
What’s your crazy night out drinking story?
Sleepwalkers of reddit what is your craziest sleepwalking experience?
If you met the US president, what would be the first thing you would say?
What is the biggest everyday scam that people put up with?
What is the worst thing you've done in school you've gotten away with?
Gas station employees of reddit, what’s the craziest thing you’ve seen while working?
People of Reddit, anyone had an experiance they would describe as supernatural?
What is something that was acceptable 50 years a go, but is completely unacceptable today?
Veterinary workers of reddit. What is a common mistake you see from pet owners?
What work ethics do you admire the most?
Why have cancel culture if it's going to be forgotten the next day?
Mobile fps players pf Reddit:is it normal that I can only use claw method to play
If you could time travel, which famous person would you wanna meet?
I had an intense sexual encounter with a pig in Minecraft, how should I break it to my parents?
What are some odd smells that make you feel happy?
If you could have any power what would u have and what would you do with it?
Redditors, in what situation did you have all odds stacked against you but somehow managed to succeed/win?
Redditors who sort by new - What was the funniest/strangest question asked by someone?
Muslims of reddit, do y'all eat pork in minecraft?
What foods do you always want to eat together?
I just got my top braces fitted on. Any tips?
Whats a good example on why you shouldnt rush things?
What are the easiest and hardest meats to cook properly?
What was the rudest or most unpleasant way you've ever been shut down?
Girls of reddit, how do you check your bra size?
Asexual people of Reddit, What problems do you face regularly?
What is the worst sunburn you have ever gotten and how long were you out/what did you do to get it?
What are some great and interesting podcasts? (they can't be too funny because I'm working in a quiet room and I don't want to start laughing)
Are boobs filled with milk or silicone more attractive to you? Why?
Asexuals of reddit, what are the most annoying misconceptions about your sexuality?
Do you prefer Reddit on mobile or PC and why?
If all the humans on earth fought all animals on earth with no weapons other than knives, who’d win in your opinion? Why?
I have a Samsung Galaxy A3 (2016). Can anyone recommend a good screen recorder?
What is a creepy thing about your city?
If demons can possess people as they please, why bother showing up during an exorcism? Why not just possess someone else somewhere else and come back tomorrow?
What did your worst teacher do to make them "the worst teacher"?
Redditors, what's the most unhealthy thing you've eaten?
What’s something that instantly makes your day better?
Correctional Officers (prison officers) what the scariest event that’s happened at your prison?
What company policy changed because of you?
People that experience Sleep paralysis. What’s the scariest situation you’ve endured while experiencing it??
What should I change my gamertag to?
Where on reddit can one go to ask grammar and spelling Nazis for help?
Is there a sub for asking “Is there a sub for this specific topic?”? Where you get real and good recommendations? Really do need this kind of Reddit guide in my life. Is this a thing?
Any Japanese people here (or people who live in Japan), what are some reasons to NOT go to Japan?
Redditors, what was the happiest moment of your life?
If you had glasses that at random times showed you what turned you on; how would you deal with it
What is your favorite adult joke in Drake and Josh that you didn't get until you were older?
Help. I need advice and I’m attending a wedding in a couple of hours and I’m getting super anxious about socializing.
Has the quality of love gone down recently, why or why not?
Have you ever experienced paranormal activity? What happened? How did you react?
Redditers who chose to remain single and unmarried, how did your life turn out? Do you regret your decision?
Redditors who work 9 to 5 corporate jobs - Do you ever get carried away while using your phone in the workplace until you realize it's been a couple of hours since you been using it?
What is your “I’m clearly smarter than my boss” story?
People of Reddit what was your I think I’m in love with you moment with your current SO?
Hey Reddit, what is the best one liner/witty response you have ever come up with?
After all the controversy these last 3, 4 months, I'm curious, is it a minority that is mad about Brie Larson and is the majority just okay with her?
What's the most expensive thing you've ever bought?
Lifeguards of Reddit, what's the craziest thing you've ever seen when working Beach/Poolside?
What type of weird shit do you do when you're alone?
What is your Worst cyber bully experience?
Other than Trump as president, what would people from recent past decades be most shocked about in terms of the way we live in "The future" - our time?
What non english book is worth reading?
What is your response to the question, "Hi, how are you today?"
Professional piercers of Reddit, what is the most annoying piercing to do ?
Breaking: Asteroid 2019HX4 due to crash into Earth in 72 hours, guaranteeing mass extinction. What do you do?
What is the strangest rumour you heard about yourself?
I’ve been scolded twice now by r/china mods for posting on issues that have been discussed too much. Does this happen in other threads?
If your will is done and instructions given to immediate family, how would you spend the last hour of your life?
People who've talked on two phones at the same time, one for each ear, why did you have to do it?
What games has the bird noise that sound like tweet, tweet tweet tweet tweet?
People who waited till marriage to have sex, was it worth it?
What is your all-time favorite video game level or stage?
Did anyone else perfect wiping their bum as they got older?
Redditors from countries with socialized medicine what are the Pros and Cons with the system and if you happen to be familiar with them do you think U.S Politicians like Bernie Sanders or Elizabeth Warren heading in the right direction and why?
People of Reddit, what are some horror movies that would scare the shit outta me ? Suggest me some .
what is something cheap that everyone should go buy right now?
What are some of the least successful insults people have used against you?
If you had to play one game to save your life, win you live, lose your die. What game would you choose?
People of Reddit. What unlucky thing happened to you today?
Cops of reddit, how do you feel about corrupt cops that abuse their power? [Serious]
reditors of redit(???) what was your most successful post on r/ask Reddit?
People of Reddit what was the most unexpected thing to happen to you today?
Redditors, what type of horror is the scariest and least scary to you? Why do you think that type of horror is scary/not scary?
What have you done just to get reddit some karma/guilded?
What was your favorite TV show as a kid?
To anyone who has ever given a Reddit award, why did you do it? Was it worth it?
If no one ever invented the engine what would life be like today?
What’s a good subreddit to spend a lot of time on?
What’s the most embarrassing thing you’ve done or said in public?
Naïve people of Reddit, what is your bank account number, your credit card number, your mother’s maiden name, your password and the expiration date of your card?
The apocalypse has begun, and society has crumbled. What do you do to survive?
If you could go anywhere for your next vacation, where would it be?
If I think a girl is cute/hot but I'm straight does that mean I'm Bisexual or no
What would you do if you threw a birthday party for your child/teenager and nobody showed up?
What is your favorite secret menu item?
[Serious] What is the strangest/scariest dream you have ever had?
Redditors, what is the real life equivalent of a starter quest in an MMORPG?
I get married in 2 weeks! What are some MUST HAVE wedding songs people can dance to?
What was the most surprising moment in your entire life that make you go "How did i survive that?"
What is the biggest drinking holiday where you are from?
In your country, which topics are taught in history class?
Lurkers who sort by New, what were some amazing posts that got Lost in new?
What do you do when you catch spiders in your house and why?
Dear people who work with elon Musk, how is he like?
What have you seen a child say/do that would have got a regular person's ass beat?
Couples of reddit, my fiancé has been having thoughts/ sexual dreams about a past boyfriend. Should I be worried?
People of Reddit, if you could program anything, what would it be and in what programming language would you write it in?
How do I tell my friend that I think all the guys she’s talking too or going on dates with are complete assholes with out sounding rude?
Redditors born after 1999, do you wish you'd experienced the 70s, 80s, or 90s?
What are sure signs a man likes you?
Are there any chewy dog treats (not bones) safe for cats? Bacon 'jerky' or something to help with their teething
what things you wish happened to you little earlier,little later and never at all?
Edinburgh: How is it like to live there?
What color you choose in your dress?
What have you invested significant time or money in and just isn’t repaying the debt?
Movie watches, trying to satisfy 10 year old kid with a movie and the boyfriend who wants something scary, recommendations?
Fellow parents, what's something your kid does that is strange?
Whats a random fact you can say from the top of your head?
What are some hacks to improve one's work ethic from a level 0?
For those of you that work in industries with very specific terminology, what common phrases do you carry into your personal lives without thinking?
What is the worst way to lose a million dollars?
People who went to jail or prison, what is the fucked up thing that you saw?
If you were stranded on a desert island with a group of people, and everyone had only one item of choice to help them survive, what would be yours?
Why is Toronto winning the NBA title such a big deal?
When is one time where you were caught "doing it"?
Do you enjoy the taste of cum? Why?
Men of Reddit, what's the pettiest thing your SO has ever gotten upset about? How did you resolve the situation?
People who accept take-out they didn't order: why did you steal your neighbour's pizza?
What two people in history never met but should have?
Why does the water in your room at 3am taste like pure liquid gold when you wake up through the night
What is the worst meal you've ever had?
What would be the most terrifying two-animal hybrid?
People that have been involved in a shooting of any kind, how was your experience and what ultimately happened?
How do you convince yourself to trust people again ?
Who is a person that most people really love? Like everyone loves Betty White because she's amazing. Who else?
[Serious] Females of Reddit, what's your cringiest post yet where you got caught trying to get guys to eat your ass?
[Serious] Is it abusive when people are insulting you, but "just joking" 5-10 times a day?
What music do you like that would suprise others?
Can True Love Only Be Unconditional, or Is All Love Conditional By Nature?
Podcast listeners, what are some good/entertaining podcasts to listen to on long drives?
Filmmakers of Reddit, what fan theory about your film makes for a better story than the one you wrote?
What small subreddit a do people need to be aware of? (for both good and bad reasons)
Wanna diddly yours truly? Why or why not pleasure this thot?
Like Q-tips, what other products are used in a way other than what the manufacturer recommends?
Does anyone here eat cherry tomatoes like theyre candy? I love them haha and could eat a whole tub. Or what are other unusual snacks you guys either openly or secretly love?
When meatloaf sings he would do anything for love but we won't do that - what is 'that'?
Redditors who are married what was the worst thing happened in your marriage?
Republicans/conservatives/economists/anyone who supports the President's tariff approach to China, what are some of the pros of this negotiating tactic in your view? Why should it be considered necessary in your opinion?
Which celebrity was a huge asshole when you met them?
How was it for you when you first moved away from your hometown?
Could you effectively tear gas a dolphin?
What’s something medical that should have been obvious wasn’t normal, but you thought it was and didn’t ask your doc about for years?
For people who were labeled as weirdos for the majority of their lives, how are you doing now?
what did the most terrible happen to your pets?
What's the best way a Smart Plug has been used to improve your life?
[Serious] Whats the Creepiest Thing You've Seen but no one Believes You? r/AskReddit Top Posts
What’s a great set of lyrics from a song that is otherwise subpar, lyrically or musically?
What careers can someone do who isn't tough enough to keep dealing with bitchy teammates?
What can't you believe people still get away with?
What does it feels to be a product of an affair?
How have you seen a person go right back where they started in a single day?
People of a smaller international more unknown country (maybe without a long history): What does make you (if you) feel proud or even patriotic about your country and people?
Reddit why are you so disappointed at the second democratic debates?
What are some big pp problems that you face?
what is your love story where you were the one cheating on your other one
Which band name would you change by only 1 or 2 letters?
Do you believe Aliens have ever visited the Earth? Why or why not?
So who are you going to vote for? 🗳
What was your "is this all a dream" moment?
What is the best way to find new friends?
[Serious] Reddit, did you ever get over your first love and how?
Statistically, are there more jerks than good people in the world ?
What is something you can not believe you still have to deal with in 2019?
How many of you experience Deja Vu? How many of you experience Deja Vecu?
Smart Redditors, what’s something you think all dumb Redditors should know?
How can you make yourself more attractive?
What do you hate and what do you love most about your country!
What do you currently do for a living and why is it great/average or terrible(or something else)?
Fans of Tom and Jerry, Who's side are you on? tom's or Jerry's?
Time traveller here! Ask me some questions about the future?
What do we do today, that will me the myths and legends of tomorrow?
Parents of Reddit. What game(s) that your child showed you, do you now play more than them?
If you could teleport to any place right now, where would it be?
What did you do to entertain yourself in boring classes?
What is an underrated tv show you watched as a child
What do you think Walt Disney meant by ,All our dreams can come true , if we have the courage to pursue them? Do you think that applies to everyone?
Who do you think should teach children about credit/loans, adult stuff?
What is the purpose of 'episode recaps' at the beginning of TV shows?
What is something that is widely beloved that confuses you?
People who did really well in school, do you think it payed off? What did you get out of it?
Whats the best way to approach a day work mentally?
What is your go-to scary campfire story?
Has anyone had LASIK eye surgery and what are some tips for someone due to have one in October?
What is the best movie of all time in your opinion?
What are some stories that you can never find a way to bring up in conversation, but you really want to tell?
It's 3 am, your phone goes off waking you up. You check it out and find a single text. A dickpic from Keemstar. What's your initial reaction?
What was the last book that made you cry?
Do you believe in life after love?
What’s the worst case of an adult throwing a temper tantrum you’ve witnessed?
You’re transported to a room with three people in it and told one of the three people is your soulmate. In order to determine which one, you get to ask three questions. What questions do you ask?
/u/AutoModerator on Overheard my 2 gay co-workers mention how one of their friends is a "CD". Just curious, what is that?
Musicians of Reddit, what finally made you decide to start creating and releasing music?
Retail employees of reddit, what is your worst experience with a customer?
What is the demon inside you telling you to do?
What was your first time flying in first class?
Without mentioning a word about Brie Lawson, why do you not like Captain Marvel?
I got pulled over for registration and instead got a citation for failure to change address, registration got a verbal warning. I renewed my registration that afternoon and it asked to change address, the address listed is my current address. Is the cop just dumb? Pretty sure I'm fighting this one.
When is cold why can we see our own breath?
Pizza delivery people of reddit, what’s the weirdest delivery instruction you’ve gotten?
Lawyers of Reddit, what was your best "Justice served." moment of your career?
If cannibalism is extremely bad for you, then how come people like Issei Sagawa are still around and kicking.
What is the most disgusting thing you have seen at a restaurant?
What’s the worst haircut you have ever seen?
What is the best streaming website to watch shows/movies in decent enough quality for free?
What would happen if every major world leader was replaced with a 5 year old?
People of Reddit who’ve had your nudes spread around without your permission, what did you do to get revenge?
Whenever people are losing, they never say “it’s just a game”. Why don’t they say it?
When was a time you was injured from fireworks?
People of reddit, which of you have the most annoying route to bring the trash out?
What is the best commercial you have ever seen?
Ancient ones of Reddit, which invention of your time made the biggest impact on you?
Feminist furries of Reddit: what are your favorite moments when Gadget Hackwrench destroyed the Patriarchy?
What is the ONE quote that has stuck with you since you’ve read/heard it?
Men of Reddit, do you like it when us girls flirt with our eyes?
How can I help get over my fear of horror movies?
If your partner changes and it is not who you used to love, would you continue with her for not having anyone else and believe that she will be the same again?
What is your favorite running gag in a TV show or Movie?
What’s the most badass thing you’ve done as a kid?
What episode from your favorite TV/web series should be rewritten?
What's the dumbest thing you did to impress your crush?
Have you ever learned a new skill to impress a specific person? What did you learn?
What is the weirdest habit that you have?
What are your thoughts on American Horror Story: Coven?
The best way to found an video editor vor promotion video?
¿Cuál es el sentido de la vida?
People in long happy relationships of reddit whats your secret?
What do you try and avoid during your work day?
What is the best long-term decision you have made?
Who is that one person who you wouldn’t be the same without and why?
What character from a cartoon or anime would you like to be friends with?
How has high school changed since you attended?
Reddit, what was your first experience with cannabis like?
Hey Redditors, what is the best update you have seen on Reddit?
Redditors who hate where they work: What are some microaggressions you engage in against your company to make yourself feel better?
Minimum wage workers of Reddit, what are some moments where you should have done something about a customer but aren’t paid enough to really care?
If you could be anyone for only 24 hours and had the same power they did, who would you be and what would you do in 24 hours?
What is your best idea for a meme, that you haven't made for some reason?
Straight people of reddit, what was your reaction when a friend, or family member, told you they were gay?
What will you never do ever again?
What's the weirdest thing you've ever seen on the subway?
Your last Google! search is what you have to sell to make a living: what do you sell now?
Is there a Reddit where I can ask for help without being restricted but all these dumb requirements
What's a small subreddit you wish was more popular?
Solicitors/lawyers of Reddit, have you ever had professional dealings with others who were as unscrupulous/amoral as the stereotype?
Why's it so hard to get US news channels outside the country except for cable news, so everything thinks that's how America thinks?
I took my coworkers car keys home by accident?? What happens to me??
People who live in medium-sized cities that are important on paper but are relatively obscure to the rest of the world, what is it like feeling ignored?
What's your least favorite kind of person?
Saw the kid break the world record for solving three Rubik’s cubes while juggling them. What’re two things you’d want to do simultaneously to break a world record?
What is a kind of work that requires very little effort for a lot of money?
You suddenly wake up and realise you’re in a Red Dead Redemption II. What do you do?
Car bumpers of Reddit who have been left on the side of the road, what's your story?
What is a really filling, high calorie snack that is easy to make (or premade)?
Uber/Lyft drivers of Reddit, what are your most memorable rides?
Previously depressed people. What got you out of the darkness?
If Reddit could answer with voice messages instead of text messages. Will it work? Or what would happen?
Actors of reddit; What is your dream role that you can't do because of some physical limitation?
What a funny “oops wrong number” message/phone call you have ever received/send?
Would you rather be a Ninja in Konoha or Wizard in Hogwarts?
What’s the worst thing you do at work to pass the time that would get you instantly fired if they found out?
If you could go back in time and give your 14 year old self once piece of advice what would it be?
How did you react when your parent proposed or was proposed to?
What other profession would benefit from having a music conductor in charge?
What do you think the biggest advance in technology is so far?
Females of reddit what is the best pickup line you have ever heard? Did it work?
Saw this AskReddit thread and it made me think about how I got started with crocheting. How did all you brocheters get started?
Water drinkers, where was the best water you’ve ever drank?
What would your last words likely be?
How to get over the sluggishness of taking a benzo the night before?
Nurses/doctors of reddit have you ever give any of your patients any sexual favors while on the job?
If I were to skip to the last season of your favorite TV show, what are the main details I would need to know about the show?
[Serious] What's something Reddit won't let you ask because of how it is worded?
had first sexual experience, but could not cum
What was your " maybe i'm not that smart after all " moment ?
You have met the 10% genie you now can make 1 wish to make your life slightly more convenient what is your wish
Former drug addicts, how did it start, how much/often? How did you escape?
Men going out with their female significant other tonight, how long will you have to wait for them to be ready to go?
Love Birds of Reddit: How to get rid of psycho girlfriend?
Dads of Reddit, what is your favorite "we will keep it between us" moment with your son/daughter?
What is a memory you have that seems like it should make you cringe but it doesn't? Why?
When did you refuse service to someone at your job and why?
Redditors, what is the one dream you can't seem to forget about? Why does it seem to stick out to you?
What life hacks have saved your asses on multiple occasions?
Husband and I are having trouble coming up with a name for our male white kitten. What did you name your white cat?
How do you know if you're stressed and how are you dealing with it?
What’s your most painful “wow I just threw ALL that money down the drain” experience?
What make you laugh so hard you almost peed on your pants ?
Has your parents ever said something to you that you felt was "out of order?" If so, what did they say?
What are the best and most useful bots on Reddit?
If Robert from “Everybody Loves Raymond”, was suddenly President, what would be his first move?
What is something you hated but grown to at least tolerate / love ?
If you're waiting for the waiter, aren't you technically the waiter?
[Serious] What is your favroute way to make 10 million $?
I know this has been posted loads already, but what is your story of ‘having a gut feeling that saved your life’
People of Reddit. What was your best schadenfreude moment?
What do u say when someone say " Your so tall" ?
What film/book/show managed to accidentally sent the exact opposite of the message it was trying to send?
What gives you goosebumps and sends a shiver down your spine?
Redditors that recently moved to the 9-5 grind. What's your advice?
Why isn’t voting day and the day before (or after) a national holiday?
What was the first video game you played?
What videos on Youtube made you laugh the most?
What are some strange thoughts you have at night?
What unknown song do you think people should listen to?
Y do british people (no offense) say stewpid and write stupid?
Your Karma count is the year your in. What’s happened or will happen?
What subreddit can I find people with schizophrenia to casually talk to?
What would happen if Antarctica turned into maple syrup?
why do so many people ask questions at this time of day knowing it'll just get buried?
What are the best kept secrets of the Media and the Film industry?
How to actually follow 'Early to bed, early to rise"?
What are some good free online party games that can be played without downloading?
How to get Netflix free trail without using actual credit card in India?
/u/AutoModerator on Hey Reddit, have you ever met someone that made you go “that poor soul”?
Have you ever spoken to a customer so stupid that you get mad how stupid they are?
Best subreddit to tell a story of a near death experience?
What are some slang terms unique to your area?
Would HIV have wiped out humanity had the epidemic begun to spread before modern medicine ?
Could the word absolute refer to something being in state of foreverness?
People of Reddit into Mobile Games, What's a fun one under 100mb?
What do you do after a long term break up to keep your mind off of things?
Is there something wrong with me ? (20yr old male)
What is one good song cover? Or a bad song cover (please identify)?
What are some similarities between men and women that most people don't realize?
What was your, “How did I end up here?” Moment.
What is that one word or phrase that you have typed so much, that you can do it incredibly fast?
What’s true about chines government disconnecting players internet if someone types 1989 tiananmen square in game chat?
Any suggestions with what jobs I should look for after college? Also when should I start applying for those jobs?
What do you think of (non religious) people who never got married? Please answer bluntly. No one is to be offended. [Serious]
What is the weirdest reason a cop pulled you over for
What's the story behind your gamer tag, if there is one?
What's something you did when you were younger that honestly made you feel so guilty or ashamed?
When I'm stoned, I will hear things and i can't find anything online
Why cant u post replies on any of the reddit threads?
Why would my best friend try to make me jealous and his friends tease me even tho he have gf??
What are someways you kill time at work while looking like you're doing something work related?
If the divorce rate is so high, then why do people continue to get married?
What's your best experience that shows "(Person with X job) is the worst at being a customer for (Person with X job)"?
Younger people are leaving churches at an alarming rate. What are some things, we, as a society could do to make Christianity more attractive to western youth?
People of reddit how did you get famous?
What is the best thing to tell someone who is depressed or has suicidale taughts?
How much money (in billions) has China lost to the trade war
What are some questions we will most likely never figure out as humans?
How is Reddit premium better than regular reddit? Asking on behalf of all my broke brethren.
It seems like every other YouTube video has a skillshare, honey, or squarespace sponsorship. Do any of you actually use these heavily promoted services?
Pawn shop employees of reddit, who are some of your more "confrontational" customers, and what should everyone know before wanting to sell something?
Sorry if it's a question has already been asked. Is there a comic book reason given why Iron Man didn't provide suits to all the vulnerable Avengers? Hawk Eye, Black Widow etc.
I Keep it Real by Mac Money?
What is a useless talent you wish you had?
Based on stereotypes , how would you describe your country ?
What is your best advice for avoiding taking your work baggage home with you?
You’re walking home and realize everyone is running at full speed in the direction you’re coming from, do you continue home? Or run with the crowd
what celebrity do you hate and why?
What is the most disrespectful thing someone has done in your house?
What are the deepest, darkest, and/or weirdest internet rabbit holes out there?
What makes you stop and smile in your everyday life?
Tourists who visited NYC, what was the first thing you saw that made you ask yourself "wtf"?
If you had the choice, which place would you want to see before mass tourism hit and why?
Fellas of reddit, what is the hardest way you got curved by a woman?
What social media comment of yours did a celebrity like?
IBS Reddit Users - do you still drink alcohol?
Reddit users, you have to plan a tour with literally any artist/band to ever exist. You get to pick 7 who are they??
How to deal with a big demotion at work ?
You’ve just discovered that you can breathe underwater. What’s the first thing you would do underwater?
What’s a good sub that proves love exists and isn’t just two people deciding the sex was good enough to stop sleeping around that will cure paranoia, and anxiety, that stems from what’s in the title?
Why do girls here enjoy giving guys a good time?
What’s a word you’ve heard your whole life but never really knew what it meant?
How mass does something need to have for its Roche limit to equal the Planck length?
What rap song is the most inappropriate to play at a funeral?
What's the most creative pick up line you've ever heard?
If you could have the perfect day tomorrow, what would happen?
How can women that orbit other women become better people, and focus on themselves? Ie- good diet, less active on social media, etc.
Why do cops in the US always monitor speed in the same spot at the same times?
Those who have had a three way, how did you get in that situation and was it everything you dreamed it to be?
what kind of things would distracting you while you have an exam ?
What is the most concerning thing a manager/superior has made you do at work.
Whenever i listen to the ambient noise on my walkie talkie i can hear computer beeping tones. What makes those?
A cold sore. A fly that keeps touching you. What is something so annoying that gets under your skin?
When was the biggest “Reverse Psychology” moment?
What’s your favorite memory w/a family member(s)?
What does your mom do differently than other moms?
What would you do if you had only one year to live?
I'm embarrassed over my sexuality. How can I feel comfortable about it again?
Askreddit, what’s your opinion on Gay Pride Month and why? [serious]
How loyal were you in a relationship?
What's your most memorable "it was at this moment, I knew I fucked up" story?
How did you celebrate your 21st birthday?
What was something you had to get yourself drunk to say? [serious]
If I do random but careful movements as an exercise, would that work just as well as a routine exercise?
Immigrants of Reddit, what do miss most about your home country and what do you like most about your host country?
What's the weirdest fact u know , and why do u know it?
If you could take any person account on reddit, which account would it be and why.
What has been the most uplifting news you've received in the past week?
New Zeandler’s of Reddit what would your thoughts on Peter Jackson’s The Lovely Bones 10 years later?
Why don’t people use their car’s Bluetooth connection, and instead directly use their phone while driving?
Who is soneone who has died that you've never personally known or met that you miss dearly?
Hey Reddit, where's the furthest you've gone for the least amount of time, and why?
What would it take for you to sell your dog?
If you could go back and give one piece of life advice to your 12 year old self, what would it be?
People who got in a fight, what caused it? and did you win?
Coping with the loss of a loved one.
Party Princess of Reddit, what was the most crazy thing that happened or that was asked at a party?
People of Reddit, what is the most interesting fact about yourself?
[Serious]Arabs/Muslims of Reddit, how much did your life change right after 9/11?
Who goes on Reddit then after five minutes go on YouTube to watch Reddit videos
Gamers of Reddit, what's a bruh moment that happened to you?
Do girls who kick guys in the nuts outside of self defense situations deserve a punch in the face just as much as guys who beat girls?
Uber drivers of Reddit, what's the craziest thing you've experienced?
What is the name of that video
What’s the best Wi-Fi name you’ve seen?
Nightshifters what’s the scariest experience that has happened to you?
What is the most annoying stereotype about your profession?
What is something your parents say that never ceases to make you laugh?
People who don't like country music, what's one country song you can't help but like?
Do you think we should take the incorrect use of the word serious a little more seriously?
If you had the option to get a make a wish, what would your make a wish be?
What was the most “WTF” moment you have seen?
Fast food workers of Reddit, what SHOULD we order at your restaurant? And why?
Suppose you can do teleportation for only 3 times, where would you move?
What's a seemingly basic thing that most/everyone can do. That you can't?
If you had the option to change one thing about yourself or someone else what and why
what is the best dog breed in the world?
Can animals like dogs, cats, birds etc etc get the effects of thc?
What's an extremely underrated Food in your opinion?
Who's your favorite supporting character from a movie or TV show?
What word has a good meaning but bad connotation?
What do you do too keep calm before a big day?
What's a small, little known subreddit that you think deserves more recognition?
Yandere Simulator fans of Reddit, if you were to be in a club in Akademi High, which one would you choose and why? If you wouldn’t want to join a club, why?
What theme song from a television show would you like to borrow as your own theme song?
What is the most terrifying true fact?
If you’ve ever lost a pet for more than a month, how and where did you finally get them back?
What anime character you want to be?
What do you look like three of in a trench coat?
Does anyone know why I feel nauseous when I have a day off work?
What’s something your mildly proud of in your appearance
When in your life were you in the most physical pain?
What is the scariest/creepiest thing you have experienced?
What is your top 5 power ranking for "Reddit Celebrities"?
What are some useful life hacks that everyone should know and use?
People of Reddit, what it something unexpectedly different about your body?
There are not Ikeas in my country, so I ask you redditors: what's the deal with ikea? why so many jokes about that store?
What are the most embarrassing) subreddits that joined and would never but never admired to it publicly?
What’s the most ignorant question you’ve ever wanted to ask but we’re too afraid to?
What class did you start to hate because the teacher was garbage?
Redditors who work in public office: explain how "writing to your elected official" works? Clearly, my senators, governor, or whatever is not reading thousands of emails and he/she has assistants doing it. How does the information get back to my representative? What is most useful to say or do?
People of Reddit, what is the weirdest thing you’ve seen someone do that other people just didn’t notice?
What do you think is the real reason behind the increasing gap between the poor and the rich?
Historians of Reddit, what event in history would be completely unbelievable if it wasn’t documented?
Ex Tesla owners of reddit, what cars are you trading in your teslas for and how do you like them when compared to tesla?
What childhood trauma you think had a positive effect on your personality?
What happened that made you never have that drink or food again?
What was the nicest thing a bully had ever done to you?
What book did you discover at school that has stuck with you since?
Muslims of Reddit, Selamat Hari Raya Aidilfitri! So how are you gonna celebrate your Hari Raya?
What songs have very happy sounding music but have very darkish lyrics?
What is the funniest movie you’ve ever seen?
Which show do you think gradually declined in quality with every new season?
Whats the best way to kill time on the bus?
You gain 1% extra weight every time you have sex but you burn 0.5% of your weight off by eating rotten eggs. How do you manage your weight?
When you are pouring water into a bottle why is it the higher you go the higher the pitch
How do you get a school administrator to sign a verification of enrollment (to get a lincens), if school is out for the summer?
What country stereotype were you disappointed to find out wasnt real?
What Is The Most Unprofessional Thing You’ve Seen Someone Do?
Babysitters of reddit. Who was the weirdest kid you ever babysat and what were they doing?
Why isn't there a light in the freezer like how one is in the refrigerator
Anybody used sex to further your career?
When you see someone who needs help what’s your first instinct?
Good singers of reddit, how often do you make small mistakes?
[Serious] Children of reddit, what are some sacrifices or good things that your father made for you?
When was a time Rule 34 was activated?
What's currently on top of your bucket list?
People who have demolished their school bullies, physically or verbally, what happened?
In light of the recent post, non Germans, what are some rumours you heard about Germany that actually turned out to be true?
If its wednesday now, and i sent someone a message last monday.. how many days would that have been inbetween?
Reddit, what's the shortest oiece of text you can writw to convince someone to guild you?
What's the worst way you've seen a parent punish/reward their child for bad/good behavior?
Is it weird for a guy to watch the bachelorette?
What's an occupation that is there because we are stupid?
When you first bought a house, what's something you had to buy that never crossed your mind before?
What’s the worst PR blunder a company has ever made?
What US coast has a more pretentious community, east or west?
Dear familes of reddit, does your family have little inside jokes if so what are they?
What’s an imaginary character that you want to be featured in TV?
The car trim that I want is not in stock at nearby dealership. Should I ask the salesman to acquire the car or go with the dealer that has my desired car which is 2 hours away?
What would/do you do if you had/have $100,000?
What is the lucky number for you?
What embarrasing memory has kept you up at night thinking about it?
What's a movie you can watch over and over without skipping?
What are some moments you felt truth is stranger than fiction
People of Reddit, if you knew you would die in 48 hours what would you do with those 48 hours?
Car guys of Reddit, what’s the most money you’ve ever invested into a car? What were the modifications?
Children of neat freaks or hoarders. What was the worst? How did it affect you?
What's the dumbest, wrongest thing that relates to your profession that you've seen upvoted on Reddit?
What is a widespread misconception about your country or nationality?
What do you feel most proud of?
If you were going to organize a mass boycott of all Fox News sponsors starting on November 3, one year from Election Day 2020, how would you do it and how would you combat trolls/bots?
what's the sexiest sex you've ever sexed?
What are your sex in public stories?
Singers of reddit, what is your go to song to impress people?
Drug users of Reddit: what was your first experience trying drugs like?(And yes, marijuana counts as a drug).
When was the last time your released your seed into your soulmate's baby baker?
If you were transported to the Hunger Games right now, what would be your go to weapon and strategy and why?
What are the best ways for an introvert to survive in an open office setting?
What one seemingly insignificant event changed your life.
What is so special about Keanu Reeves?
What are songs that you can always listen to, not depending on your mood?
People of Reddit, what was the best thing that ever happened to you?
What audiobook would your voice be perfect for?
To the Men of Reddit, what is one thing your girl likes that makes her more manly then you?
Retail workers of Reddit, what happened during your encounter with the drunks?
How much slacking off can you do at 9-5 work?
What's the dumbest nickname did you ever choose in internet?
Redditors from other countries, what do you think of the U.S.?
I have an interview for an automotive F&amp;I position tomorrow. For anyone In the industry (or in the role) what should I expect? What’s the best way to sell yourself in this kind of interview?
If the purge was real what would you do what you normally can’t?
What is your personal reason to have (make) a baby?
What do you think when you hear, "I'm from West Virginia"?
What is your favorite moment of girls being "bros"?
What is something special about your SO that no one would guess by looking at them?
What are some memoirs that you recommend to read this summer?
Why does America make such a big deal about the national anthem?
What are some things in your childhood that kids growing up nowadays will never get to experience?
Actors of Reddit, what have you been asked to do for a role that made it difficult/made you turn down the role?
In honor of National Bomb Pop Day, what’s the stupidest “National _______ Day” that you’ve heard of?
Redditors, if you are about to die right in this moment, what are your last words ?
I just found out ball lightning is a thing, so what other crazy weather phenomena exist that people don't know about?
What kind of injury did you heal by practicing yoga regularly?
If You Were A Genie And A Person Asked You This Wish, “I Wish You Would Not Grant Me This Wish”, What Would You Do?
If you were to squish a Countryball in your hand, what would it feel like?
What were you doing the first time you thought to yourself “I’m not as young as I used to be”?
What have you mentally invented that you'll probably never make?
How do I Continue Recording My Drum Loop in Fl Studio 12 if it Stops Recording After 4 Bars?
What’s the ONE thing someone can say to you that’ll immediately shatter your self confidence?
Men of reddit. What is the oldest pair of underwear/briefs/boxers you still use to this day?
All languages travel at the speed of sound but the sign language travels at the speed of light. That's a little bit crazy right?
What job actually lets you work from home?
Reddit what’s the scariest glitch in the matrix you’ve experienced
You win 1 Million on a scratch ticket that was given as a gift to you. How much are you giving to the person that bought that ticket?
Have you used any dead meme unironicaly and if so what did it cost?
People who have been to Prince Edward Island, where would you recommend going/staying?
You get to prank order the most horrible meal. What is it?
You have the chance to have anyone narrate a wild evening of debauchery for you and your partner(s) in real time, who do you pick (No Morgan Freeman or Sir Attenborough)?
In the Arthur episode, 'Arthur meets the President', what kind of animal would Trump be?
Crime scene clean up (Just wanted to save this for later)
What albums on vinyl are 15yo's listening to these days?
What seemingly trivial event changed the course of history?
What's the worst social media platform in your opinion? Also, what's the worst movie in your opinion?
The cat the the the the the bread good yes good the the bread is cat the the is yes cat bread?
What’s a funny way to pay up for a lost bet?
You have just rented an empty flat for the next few years. which gadgets, room management advice, pro tips, ideas in general are best to make the most out of it?
Good people of Reddit, how has highschool impacted the rest of your life?
Pet owners of Reddit, what’s the most wholesome thing your pet has ever done?
Spontaneous people of Reddit, what’s the craziest thing you’ve ever done on impulse?
What are some tips you use to stay awake when your getting heavy eyelids in the military/ lectures/at your desk?
I just can't think why are people so angry about nimses? Like yeah they collect your data but which company doesn't? Facebook is literally selling your information to sponsors so what's the big deal
I drank an lot last weekend for pride fest and ended up hooking up with a lot of guys. I didn’t use protection with all of them and now I’m nervous. What do you do to take your mind off of scary things?
People of Reddit: What vegetable could you eat every day?
[Serious] Folks of Reddit, tell about the time you got physically robbed. What happened?
If you had to be a character from a movie which would you pick?
How did people protect from sunburns without sunblock over 100 years ago? I was thinking about ancient Egypt and don't know how people survived.
Which is your Favourite brand and why?
What animal is shown as dangerous but in reality there not?
What would you NOT like to see in tonights Democratic Presidential Debate? Also, what would you like to see?
SteveRudzinski: Three buddies I know all had the surgery in different states with different doctors, and all of them reported feelings of discomfort upwards of six months after the surgery during orgasm, to the point where they didn't enjoy sex again until month seven.
What are some other lesser-known little things everybody does? Eg: peeing on the side of the bowl to make it quieter, or flipping our blankets under our feet.
What's the most passive-aggressive thing you've ever seen done?
What did you do to get your crush to like you?
Would you kill your best friend for a billion dollars?
Is it really such a villainess act when you ask your BF/GF to not post risqué pictures on social media?
How would the United States be different if Trump didn’t exist?
What’s something you thought would be super sexy that didn’t turn out that way?
What’s a terrible movie that you love?
What do girls and women even do in their free time?
What is the most savage thing the “quiet kid” has said or done in class
Anyone else just sit in their car...
Redditors, what eye colour are you most attracted to and why?
What is your favorite easy dish to make when you're hungry?
[serious]Women of reddit what kind of changes you experienced after #metoo movement ?
Meeting less advanced aliens in the Future
What is the time you felt most like an action character/hero?
What is a failed innovation that you wish took off?
Dads of Reddit, what secret do you keep with your children to avoid Mom's wrath?
[Serious] To the people who saw those videos of parents beating up a stuffed animal in front of their toddlers if it refused to eat in order to get the kid to eat, what are some non-violent methods for other parents who are thinking about trying this?
What’s your opinion on body hair on women? (No insulting words)
What was a moment in your life where you felt the most hopeless?
I have been getting into reading a lot lately which got me thinking, what book would you say is your favorite by far and why?
Describe a time that you regret being kind to someone.
What’s the most utterly dangerous animal that you’d love to have as a pet despite its dangers?
What movie quotes pop up in your mind during your daily life?
Do you have a stage of drunk where you know for sure the alcohol has hit?
Women of reddit what are some things you hate about society?
[SERIOUS] Muslims of reddit what do you think about eid being celebrated on the same day worldwide?
Adults of Reddit. What advice would you have for someone who struggles with confrontation at age 34?
Redditors, what is your favorite show that got cancelled too early?
Have anyone of u used clay pots as an irrigation system? I want to try it
Has anyone actually “laughed all the way to the bank”, and if so, what prompted that moment?
Guys of Reddit, what do girls not understand?
Did you know someone who was a complete jerk, was aware that they were a jerk and therefor they tried to become a better person?
People who watch AskReddit videos, what's something you wanted to contribute?
How much would it effect the U.S. if California were no longer part of it?
Parents of reddit, what is your "sex policy" for your children? No sex before college? No sex in the house?
People who live alone/with an SO, so you use the bathroom with the door open or closed? why or why not?
Americans of Reddit: What part of college experience is left out or misportrayed in college movies?
Formerly toxic people of Reddit, what made you toxic, and what made you stop?
IF YOU EVER WOULD KNOW WHEN YOUR LAST BREATH WOULD BE, WHAT CHANGES IN YOUR BEHAVIOR WOULD IT MAKE?
What show seems overrated until you watch it?
Emergency Call Operators of Reddit, What call will stay with you for the rest of your life?
Would you rather have sex with a 20 year old in the body of a 7 year old or a 7 year old in a body of a 20 year old. Why is your choice morally better
What is the proudest thing you have done in your time on earth so far?
What jobs will be gone by 2040?
Old users of Reddit how has the site changed over the years?
Cops of reddit, do you feel like you are ever the minority at times when out on calls?
To the hoes/fuck boys who have bible verses in their bio, why?
what is something you want in your pc setup or Gaming setup?
What would happen if an employee initially was told that they won’t be paid for training by a manager but then the owner told them they would be paid?
What decision have you made that looking back you wish you could do over?
you know something that if you tell them, they will all stab you to death in the face. do you tell them? why or why not?
Game show winners, how did you get your prize to your residence, did you have to pay anything for it?
I have an iPhone 7+ and there’s an update, should I update it or is it true that apple slows down the older models so that have to get a newer iPhone?
What are the pros and cons to wearing a suit to school for high school?
What awkward conversation have you overheard that gave you second hand embarrassment?
What was your creepiest/Scariest moment in your life?
Have you ever experienced a time jump? Where you seemingly gain/lose a batch of time without being aware of it? (Excluding being in a coma)
What is one meme you wish would have lasted longer?
You get to play 1 song to everyone in your country, and you get $1 for each person who sings along with it. What song do you play?
[Serious] Whars the point in trying where life has no meaning?
What’s the weirdest interaction you’ve had with a teacher outside of school?
Does the Korean people possess Free Will? Answer quickly?
If Apple never created the IPod, which company do you think would be on top of the phone game?
What are the arguments for and against street art/ graffiti being public domain?
Sim-players of Reddit, what is the weirdest, craziest, or funniest thing you Sim has done?
What's the question that is over asked on Reddit?
what are the chances to fly the rainbow pride flag in embassy flagpoles during June ?
What's the dumbest thing you believe as a child?
Have you been in a situation where you had to convince your folks about something that was important to you (like your SO for instance) and how did you deal with it? Did it lead to dire circumstances for the family?
What are some of the weirdest things that have been in somebody's will?
Is social media (Instagram, Facebook, Twitter) important for a student? What value does it bring?
If you could re-shoot any movie and have Keanu Reeves play every single part, what movie would you choose?
Currently at my girlfriends very intimidating grandparents house: Daters of reddit what are you most awkward, intimidating, or just plain crazy “meeting the family” stories, to raise my confidence?
Instead of reading this post right now, what should your energy be focused on?
How do you stay entertained when you bored as hell at work?
What "major" moment did you miss out on that it seems like everyone else has experienced (e.g. high school graduation, prom, child's first steps, your kid's birth) and why?
This is going to be 3rd year on reddit tomorrow, and I have been lurking for a long time. Is it frowned upon to post on multiple subreddits to farm karma? Only asking because of my lack of experience.
What's something you found out but wanted to forget immediately
It's your last day on earth but you've been gifted any super power you want...what super power do you possess and what do you do with it in your last 24?
What is a thing you’ve guessed correct but instantly corrected?
People of reddit. What is the most unique dream you’ve had?
[Serious] Non-southerners of reddit who have visited the south, where did you go and what was the most different?
Does getting hair extensions damage your hair, blonde if that matters, please detail?
What's a double standard that you support?
People of reddit, whats the weirdest thing you have seen while riding the train?
Did u know if u were a minor and u ask another minor on Reddit biggest turn ons u could get banned I did not
Do you think the US should stop the tariffs for Chinese products?
[serious] You reach for the toilet paper to wipe only to realize you didn’t restock. It’s been a pretty solid session, but there’s a bit of mud. There is a sock, a bar of soap, and sponge near you. You can only choose one
What are some of your favorite facts about any country?
What is your best example of 'less is more'?
Housewives and househusbands, what do you do on a daily basis?
If you won $10 million, what is literally the best ways you could spend that money?
What's a question that's likely to get no answers and no up votes?
What made you realize during a relationship that the amount of love you had for a significant other/the amount of love they had for you was declining?
People with Doctorate Degree/s, what is your current job?
students of Reddit, what was the angriest you've seen your teacher get?
What’s the most trouble you’ve ever gotten into at school as a kid(preferably before High School, but if it’s too good not to tell, proceed)?
People who have gone non contact with close family, what happened?
What are the most infuriating things to do to a person's car without getting in trouble?
What’s the key to maintaining a long distance relationship?
What is your' kids ruining a wedding' story?
If Disney decided to make a Smash Bros like game, which character own by Disney would be the most overpowered?
How much different would the world be if dinosaurs were still alive?
What’s the best or worst thing to ask at the end of a job interview?
What are some phrases/expressions/words that you actively despise?
What was the first physical CD you bought/got?
Homeless people of reddit, what’re ideal, everyday ways to help people without a home?
What is the greatest “instant karma” moment you have ever seen?
Woman of Reddit, what’s the best foundation you use?
How do you like living in Georgia?
What are the certain requirements of getting scholarship to study abroad?
If You Could Have A Personal Assistant, What Would You Have Them Do For You?
People who have struggled and overcame addiction, what was your experience like and how did you overcome it?
What's an underrated movie you think should have more recognition?
Why did ‘your friend’ fail his drivers licence test?
What is the most likely reason for a world war 3?
People of reddit, What is something weird you do in someone else's bathroom?
Would you visit a grave of someone you thought was dead?
Overweight people on Reddit: For what reason(s) do you choose to have so much body fat?
What is the most gruesome cause of death you’ve ever seen or heard of?
Let’s just say a friend traded in a car to a dealership and happened to keep the spare key, how should they go about reacquiring it and selling it?
What do you think is the worst thing about being in a relationship?
Who wins in a catfight? Scarlett Johansson or Amber Heard?
What’s a crime case that you couldn’t stop thinking about?
Are women in their forties seen as old in your country?
What is the best thing you've found on YouTube while you were high?
"That dog ain't gonna hunt" What's your favorite aphorism (and what does it mean)?
What’s the best thing you’ve tried from r/gifrecipes?
What is the most random/useless word you know?
Redditors, do any of you have a love at first sight story that ultimately ended in marriage?
Where can I find the described subreddit?
Dear Zookeepers, may you please explain if you ever had a special friendship/connection with a animal at your zoo?
Redditors, what do you think you know more about than the average person?
Gamblers of reddit, ever use mybookie? How is it?
What are your non-porn reasons for having throwaways/secret accounts?
The world is about to end, what do you do?
How do you get a job with no high school degree /GED and only have had experience at your entrepreneurship business? Is it worth it to go to school/college?
People of Reddit, what was your biggest "I have fucked up" moment?
Is your life boring or are you just simple?
Whats the craziest thing you've ever done?
What's the most fucked up video/picture you saw on the internet.
What are some unspoken rules of digital etiquette?
What's an ability/power/super power that you'd like to have?
Students of Reddit, what was the best roast you heard from your teacher?
What impulsive decision did you make that actually worked out for the best?
How can a 16yo make money with just a computer?
What would it mean if someone said they just pulled a (your name)?
If sent back in time, how big would an army of modern soldiers with modern tech need to be in order to conquer as much of the world as Alexander the Great?
What’s your most embarrassing moment during sex?
what fan made Pokemon would you recommend the most for some one who has played scene ruby and Sapphire?
what was your “oh fuck, i’m actually going to die” moment?
Those Redditors who work from home, how do you stop yourself from wanking all the time?
What is a feeling that most people experience but no one ever talks about?
If you could quit your job today, and make a living doing what you are passionate about with no financial stress, what would you do?
Redditors who have that one family member that is more of a loner but you're always glad to see them, how are they doing?
Stargazers of Reddit, where's your favorite place to go and stare up at the night sky?
What situations in your day-to-day life have you ask yourself "why do I do this?", but also make you feel "this is why I do this."?
What is a smell that reminds you of your childhood?
Teachers of Reddit, what is the single worst kid you’ve ever had to deal with, and what made him/her so bad?
What commerical flop, of any medium, do you actually really enjoy?
What is your side hustle and how much do you make off of it a month?
What scar do you have on your body caused by a stupid decision?
What is the worst answer you have seen/wrote on a final exam?
People of reddit who have been in a car accident where someone died, how did it effect you at the time, and how has it effected you further on in life?
What’s the dumbest/funniest thing you’ve ever done?
If you’re a robber do you steal from people going into a Casino or coming out?
What are some funny or weird law's does your state, city or town have, that makes absolutely no sense.?
What did you do to make your bully cry?
Do you believe men should always pay for the first date? Why?
When was your, "WTF IS HAPPENING?!" And what happened?
You're a monkey in the african jungles and a rival gang of chimps just stole all your bananas. How do you get revenge on those finger sniffing sons of bitches?
Americans, how do you feel about your electrical sockets compared to other ones, like European ones?
Do you ever get the feeling that everything's going perfect and then become afraid you might somehow mess everything up any moment?
Have you ever taken hurricane warnings serious? If not, has there ever been a time where you wish you did prepare?
Do you enjoy taking a hot poop in your pants? Why?
Souterrain renter of reddit, would you recommend it? Why?
what was the funniest thing you made someone believe?
[Serious] Besides Logan Paul, PewdiePie and James Charles, what other YouTubers have fallen from grace? What happened?
What are the most gut-wrenching Wikipedia articles to read?
If you were a professional fighter, what would your walk-out song be?
What’s the most obnoxious item of clothing you’ve ever seen?
Parents, what is the 1 thing that you tell your child to do/not do over and over again, yet they still don't get it?
Why is it illegal to have a laptop or large tablet mounted on the driver side? Would you find it distracting?
Have you ever helped someone commit a crime?
Which celebrity do you wish to cease to exist?
Man of reddit, when is the best time to approach your girl to the next level?
[Serious] What is the worst thing someone has said to you?
Redditors, what's the worst thing you've lost due to a game of luck?
What's your favourite moment you've had playing Minecraft?
What are some superpowers with odd drawbacks?
People of Reddit that think Nickleback is the best band ever, when did you find out you are disabled?
Religious diabetics of Reddit, what do you do during fasts? (Always wanted to know)
Nurses/doctors of reddit have you ever given any of your patients an sexual favors while on the job?
If President Trump were to demolish Mt Rushmore faces and put his face on it, what would your reaction be?
Folks who relocated, how long did it take you to find your group of friends?
What would your “last song” request be?
Trying again: How long do you folks pray to Mr. Benn each day?
Redditors, What is your biggest complaint about your job?
People who work in the porn industry, who’s family don’t know, what do you tell them you do for a living?
Who was your nice teacher, and what that teacher nice?
What’s a product that everyone should stop using but people use anyways?
What was a small inside joke that you all shared but felt guilty when there was one who didn't know what it was?
What do you want more than anything in the world?
What is something that you think no one has ever done in the entire existence of humans?
In Your Opinion, What Are “The Two Types of People”?
How do you react to someone who has unfollowed you from social media that you still have to see do act like they unfollowed you in real life, too, or is it no big deal?
Why do girls go for the nice guys and not the assholes that treat them like shit but say they are really nice?
If you had £10 million and 15 minutes to live, who's going on your will? and how will it be split?
Disney announces live action remakes for a bunch of their old movies. Which actors need to be cast as throwback Disney characters?
What is an emotion stronger than the fear of death?
Artist of Reddit, whats your worst experience with a customer/commissioner?
You get the chance to blare only one song from the speakers at a concert with millions of people. Which song do you choose?
Just heated up a can of baked beans. What kind of random cravings do you get sometimes?
People who have had near death experiences, what is your story and what do you remember?
Servers/Customer Service Workers: what's one thing you wish every customer knew upon entering your establishment?
What's your advice for grieving the death of a pet?
What is something you grew up hearing from your parents/grandparents, but you didn’t believe/understand until you got older?
I am a 15 years old guy, that was living in women only family. Soon I'm going to meet my biological dad. You can ask of my filings. Actually, I'd hate my dad. I have a rare disease that makes my leg bone to be instead. It 's called Blount diseases. My mom hasn't that disease so, thank you daddy!
What have you seen recently and thought... now that’s art?
Are dinosaurs dragons? Are dragons dinosaurs? I say yes bestie says no. Please help us .
Parents of reddit, what is the weirdest thing you've caught your kids doing?
If different animals have mating calls, what would yours, as a human, be?
What's the best way to overcome depression?
developing country app ideas that are profitable
What‘s a character trait/behaviour you would like to change about yourself?
What is something you were irrationally scared of as a child?
How can I handle my Mentally unstable best friend?
What's the best zinger/comeback/oneliner that you ever given/heard heard in casual conversation?
have you found the aim of your life? What is it?
What meme would fit your life currently the most and why?
What word or phrase have you not used since you were at school?
Where did the outrageous values of professional sport contracts begin and will the growing trends ever end?
Anyone else get horny when they are super stressed out?
The internet is in an all-out war. Which side do you take, what are the most likely groups to win, who are the dark horses, and why?
What tradition do you keep up even though there is no discernible reason for it that you are aware of?
People who think it’s wrong for men to wear makeup or dress feminine, why?
How rational is it to be afraid to go make food in the kitchen at eleven pm because your roommate sleeps on the living room couch and you don't want to bother her and would you just wait until tomorrow to eat?
Americans that visited Europe, what made you go ‘WTF’?
How has going bald changed your life?
What is something you were taught growing up but completely disagree with?
What exactly are you asking me here?
Is there a way to get Jojo's Bizzare Adventure: Stone Ocean collection in english?
what is the greatest accomplishment you have gotten in your life?
Women of reddit, what is something you WANT to talk about on a date but is rarely ever bought up?
Gun owners, what situation have you seen at ranges that honestly scared you?
What’s something that’s fine in your 20s but creepy in your 40s?
[SIRIUS] What's your favourite Harry Potter character that no-one really knows/cares about and why?
What was your “oh crap I shouldn’t have said that” moment?
Gamers of Reddit, what is the best way to handle your rage?
Why did God give u‏s‏ intes‏tines, a stu‏pid floppy pink hose ?
What major war(s) will like happen in the near to distant future?
If you could have any UNCONVENTIONAL superpower, what would it be?
At what point you were convinced that Aliens exist?
Pilots of Reddit, what is the most terrifying thing to ever happen on your plane midflight?
What do labels mean when it says "no added suagar"
What would you NOT do for 1 billion untaxed, consequence free dollars?
Cat fosters of Reddit. My sisters cat recently had kittens and long story short I’m taking care of them. For context I have the basics, food, water, litterbox, box for the mom/kittens. What advice/tips etc should I know for raising kittens?
Has the realisation of being depressed or mentally unstable ever come to your mind? And what is the sotry behind it?
My step dad showed me his penis when I was 7. Is his reason why complete bullshit?
What was the most terrible thing that happened to you in 2019?
[Serious] How could a 23yr old with less than $2k to his name help to fix America's broken healthcare system?
Car detailers, what is the grossest or craziest car you've had to clean?
What exclusive sub clubs are you in?
What are some parts of the internet that is really shady?
Redditors who have been broken up with/broken up with others, what do you do with all the letters, scrapbooks, gifts, etc. from the relationship?
What’s are some good tips to help you pass a final besides simply studying (more specific)?
What is the funniest/strangest line you have ever heard in a porno?
Why do you think the right solution for gun violence is to take away the right to bear arms instead of addressing the underlying mental health issues?
People who were "that kid" and have grown up or knew "that kid" as an adult, what has "that kid" done?
What's a kink you have that you wish was more mainstream?
Is the taste of Robitussin or Vienna Sausages worse?
People who have had surgeries with a high chance of killing them, what was it like waking up after the surgery and realizing that you were still alive?
You now have 1000 random worshippers/loyal followers. What do you do/tell them to do first?
Has anyone ever actually pissed the bed after using a toilet in their dreams? If so what's the story behind it and how did you cover it up/ explain it?
Your wife of 10 years reveals to you she was born biologically male, which is why she could never conceive, and also throw a football further than you, what's your next move?
People of Reddit, do you think having a better mother than father or vice versa, affects sexuality?
Chefs/Cooks of reddit what is the worst injury or accident you have seen while working in a kitchen?
Like cattle pushing it's head through barbed wire to eat greener grass: what reward was worth the pain?
Do celebrities die from the same shit as the general population, percentage wise.
What's your favorite memory with a pet?
Why should men pay child support if they wanted to abort the child?
Good morning/afternoon/night, whats your zodiac sign? Just curious
Do you have a marble contigo water bottle? If so, Is there a dark vertical line on the back?
Have you repented to Christ Jesus? Time is short.
What non-horror movie scared you as a kid and why?
Introverts of Reddit, how did you make friends?
How do you pull of the perfect murder? (Asking for a friend).
What was something that happened to you at school that made your parents tear them a new one?
What individual piece of entertainment (song, movie, book, game, etc) could be introduced at any point in modern society and still be well received?
What are all the cool Reddit tricks (ex # for bold, ** for italicized, ~ for crossed out etc ...)
If Keanu Reeves ever did an AMA, what would you guys ask him?
Concretely, what does an OBD2 do for your car ?
What's the most unrealistic thing about movies that pisses you off?
Non-Americans, what are your opinions on Trump?
What was your funniest, craziest, or best truth or dare (or other like that) experience??
When do you think Britain will leave the EU?
Men of Reddit, why do so many people pee on the toilet seat and floor and just leave it for the next person to deal with?
Why is the generation that grew up with South Park offended so easily?
(Serious) Married couples of Reddit, who made the move first and how did you know when to do it?
What fictional Bands/Musicians do you wish produced real Music/Albums?
What's the scariest paranormal experience you've ever had in the woods/a rural area?
Who will be the first US Democratic candidate to drop out of the 2020 race that made it to the debates?
Reddit admin and Reddit mods, is there anything more that can be done about people trolling in comments and direct messages?
[SERIOUS] What’s something you’ve never told anyone?
What is something funny your cat has done in the morning to wake you up?
What is a silly situation you faced in your life that made you think you are a monster?
What is your "Last seen 6 years ago" story?
What is the worst tragedy/disaster that has happened in your country, in which many people died? How did it affect you?
What are some truly disturbing facts and how/why do you know about them?
Doormen and concierges of reddit: what's some of the craziest stories you have of your residents or customers?
Women of Reddit, what is the best way to ask you on date?
What are some good party games (board game and things of the like) to do when hanging out with good friends and family?
What is the best part about getting older that no one ever talks about?
What’s your Father’s Day story you like to share about your Father?
If you’ve ever been in a dark place, had suicidal thoughts, was there something someone could’ve done or said to help you? If someone had only done...?
You are directing a movie set in the past. Which song do you play during the opening scene to indicate the year/time period the movie takes place?
[serious] how does one move on from a traumatic childhood?
John Travolta locks himself in your bedroom closet and refuses to come out. What do you do?
i recorded a YouTube video on Agario when i recorded it it was fine and running smoothly the game that is, but when i looked back on the recording it was super laggy does anyone know why and/or how to fix? it my channel name is AttitEWD for you check out the video if you want to see what is wrong?
What is the most disturbing website you've ever gone on?
What Was Your “ I Shouldn’t Have Said That... “ Moment?
What color is your asshole? (school project for friend)
If you could create your own world where you could live, how would it look like and what would you doing?
What was your personal 15 minutes of fame?
Did people treat you differently after losing a large amount of weight? If so, how?
If you could choose one spot on earth to place a plaque with your name after your death, where it would be?
If you could make one modification to the entire human race, what would it be?
What is your go-to involuntary swear word/exclamation when you are scared/surprised/stub your toe?
Why is it that most TV shows get worse overtime, like GOT or Sons of Anarchy?
Which artist got featured on a song you really liked, only for you to look them up and realize you didn't like the sound of their solo work?
What are your weirdest/worst helicopter (Over controlling or protective) parent stories?
Proffessionals of Reddit, what becomes more and more common in your line of work the more proffessional you become?
What thankless job deserves a bit more recognition?
What screams, "I'm about to have a mental breakdown" ?
I have a blue yeti and want to mount it to the wall or desk, what's a good, sturdy mount i can buy by itself (I dont know if this is the right place the ask)?
For younger generations: What is one thing you are afraid of in future?
Hey Reddit: What's your biggest "bruh" moment?
What’s -that- something you want to do with you loved one? And what could ruin it?
What are somethings that you can't exactly explain, but in order to understand it, you have to try it?
What's a good and funny idea for a dual-themed party that RHYMES (for instance, mobsters and lobsters)?
Can somebody please explain why China was "correct" in how they handled the Tiananmen Square protest? 30 years and China is still censoring and defending this?
(Serious) people who were in a coma, what happened and what was you experience
Where do you want to be right now?
[Serious] those who didn't graduate high school and became successful, how did you do it?
School principals of Reddit, what was by far the worst case you've ever experienced?
People who cheat with multiple accounts, why do you waste all that money on cheating in video games?
What is the most unbiased source information you know?
People who got bullied in the past. How are your bullies doing now?
Parents of Reddit, how much do love your childrens?
People of Reddit, what’s your craziest drug related story?
What is the song you can NOT stand to listen to?
Feminist furries of Reddit: what are your favorite moments when Gadget Hackwrench destroyed the Patriarchy?
Which celebrities or politicians have gotten into edit wars on their own Wikipedia pages?
Why do all subway sandwich stores smell the same
What is something that a person did that made you hate them instantly?
What is you’re favorite reaction of Etika ;(?
You substitute for God one day and are tasked to design an animal, what do you make?
Should people invest in Tesla stocks? Why or why not?
Why are so many behaving like idiots?
What's a good example of a sport or hobby that defies the saying "its not the equipment that makes the player good, its the players skill"
How many (men) wash their face at least once a day?
What historic moments have you seen live on tv
What was the most influential moment in your life?
Doctors, what's the worst you've seen a patient come in? And what happened?
If an apple a day keeps the doctor away, what else once per day keeps something away?
What are signs that your mom might be more controlling than protecting?
We all know that war is horrible. From its destruction to its loss of life. But which wars do you think were necessary? Which ones weren't?
Anyone know any apps, games or ways of making money on your phone?
Are there any good movies or tv shows or good scenes in a movie or tv show with someone sneezing?
Black people of reddit, do flies land on you as much as they land on whites? They seem to only land on my (white) arm and never dark surfaces
[serious] Those of you who have attempted to take your own life, what is something never talked about when discussing this issue?
What web page you used to visit everyday that you doesn't visit anymore?
As modern car lamps switch to LED, who else sees them flash?
What's an interesting name you haven't heard in a while?
What are some f*cked up ideas that make sense in a weird way?
Someone asked earlier "where do you rank Ohio?" I'm curious what my fellow Redditors think about my home state of Pennsylvania?
What things are not as overrated as some people make them out to be?
Roofing experts of Reddit, should I upgrade my asphalt shingles to Class 4 impact resistant or stick with Class 1?
What is the best way, excluding waxing, to remove ass hair?
What are some challenges you think the next generation may face?
American culture is focused on enjoying youth. What gets better as you grow older but what do you miss about your younger lifestyle?
Redditors who have gotten back with your Ex, how did it happen?
Avast blocked a safe site how do i unblock it?
The Earth stops spinning and is now orbiting the sun facing the same position as it is at the time you read this post. How does your life change?
It seems there’s a lot of 90s nostalgia. What era would you like to see brought back in this way?
What Are US American High Schools Really Like? (r/AskReddit Top Posts)
Service Members, what was your biggest 'uh oh' moment during BMT?
What are some questions for a bisexual person such as me
What was the best example of "the news must be slow today" you've seen while watching or reading the news?
Question for anybody currently in foster care or was a foster child at some point. Is your life worth living? Or do you wish your biological parents just aborted you?
When you catch a girl’s gaze on the bus frequently, what do you think of?
When was the last time you cried?
Better investment to have vacation property and rent it out when not using or to buy a timeshare in same location
The Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse are Death, Famine, War, and Pestilence. What are the Four Horsemen of other things?
Rule 34 Artists of reddit, why do you enjoy making pornography out of Characters, why/why not?
People who are thin,what are some must know clothing hacks, you will give to other thin people?
What did you see today about somebody that you found attractive?
Your in the position of Julius Caesar and the senate started to assassinate you, what would the last thing you’d say to them?, other then “Et Tu Brute”
What are some interesting and unique ways to incorporate more bacon into your diet?
What’s just as bad as the moment toothpaste falls off the toothbrush?
Who are the folks that take time to comment on a post but fail to upvote it?
When was the worst time you forgot [about] something?And what happened after?
Redditors who have lost weight, what’s the biggest advantage you’ve found of being thinner?
What is your cringy ex boyfriend/girlfriend story?
LGBT community of reddit, when did you first discover your sexuality/gender/identity?
What is a weird local dish from your area?
What’s classy if you’re poor, but trashy if you’re rich?
Iphone X or samsung s10 + ? Which one should i get?
How should one calculate or estimate their BF%?
What's an inside joke you have with someone and how did it come to be?
What strange rule you have that you won't break no matter what?
What tips would you give to someone trying to gain weight?
What was the last thing you did for someone else? What other ways do you like to give back?
How would people respond to straight pride parades?
What's the dumbest thing you posted on reddit?
Reddit, ever been in a toxic relationship? How was it toxic? How did you get out of it?
Who is on your mount Rushmore for men’s and women’s Olympic athletes (two different mount Rushmore’s for men and women to make this easier)?
Looking back, what memory makes you say “I fucking hate myself”?
What is the most valuable lesson you’ve ever learned from therapy/counseling?
Why is it so hard to move on?
Who was the worst doubles partner in tennis you ever had and why were they so terrible?
What is your favorite video game music?
If you won the lottery for ten million dollars, how would you use it?
First generation immigrant redditors, what was the hardest thing to adjust to in your new country?
Dear teachers of reddit mocks are coming up what study tips would you recommend to students
reddit, whats in your bottle on this fine sunday evening?
What is the scariest experience you have had with a sleep paralysis?
Theoretically (and the practically), with a budget of $28 billion: would be possible to buy a rather large amount of territory from a 3rd world nation and, with a good planning and assurance for the selling country, trade for independency to form a new nation?
When was a time you had that "gut feeling" about something and you ended up being right?
Other Cakeday redditors, Why did you make a reddit account x-yrs ago?
What is the biggest public meltdown you have ever witnessed?
Which of the two City Girls would you love to have a good hearty butt eating session with and why?
Hi Reddit! In a presentation, I have to give a presentation (in 200 seconds) associated with one of these four topics: Nation - Guilt - Security - Infinity - Energy - Gender - Icon. Any ideas?
Where do you buy your makeup and is it okay to buy it from Family Dollar if you just want concealer to cover up your acne scars?
What instance restored your faith in humanity?
What is the most embarrassing thing that has happened to you as an adult?
If you had to be stuck in one store for an apocalyptic scenario, what non-hardware (Lowes, Home Depot, etc) store would you choose and why?
What is an under-appreciated place to visit where you live?
What is something that you find hilarious that annoys everyone else?
What are some Youtubers that you are ashamed that you used to watch?
People of reddit, what is something that your SO does that is a big turn on for you?
What would you do if 3 ancient Aztec god-like beings, that may have just been resurrected, decided to fight you?
/u/AutoModerator on Do you believe that girls and guys can really be friends?
What is socially acceptable for girls/women but isn't for boys/men?
How do people prevent their social battery from running out when hanging out with friends?
How did you get over your fears and insecurities?
What are your home remedies for poison ivy? (Asking for a Friend)
What stereotype about your country is relatively true and what is a myth?
Which commonly hated animals deserve more credit?
What's that thing you do almost every day that you have developed your own specific technique for?
Police of Reddit, what was the strangest call you've ever gotten?
Fellow Meme Lovers of Reddit, What do you do when you find out your friends are Instagram normies?
What do you get complimented for the most?
What's the dumbest thing you heard from a stranger?
What would you line up all night for?
Guys who comment on hot girly subs like you’re in the room with them being creepy AF, how come you haven’t been hurt enough yet?
Canadians of Reddit, what are some CULTURAL differences between you and America?
People who have almost/been kidnapped what happened? How did you get away?
What are the strange little traditions or inside jokes you have with your SO?
What is the normal age to start masturbating?
Dad's of Reddit, what is your "you can't tell mom" story?
Reddit Masters, I see people's witty comments getting gold, like within an hour of a post. I totally think the same thing, but how do you get in there so quick?
Someone is robbing your home, your only defense is the item to your left, what is it and how fucked are you?
Where can one watch All the episodes of "Canada: A People's History" online(Found all expect the second half of ep 2, the first halves of ep 4 and 13, and the entirety of eps 9 and 10)?
What was the last thing, that crushed your self-esteem really hard?
A specific industry is given a multi-billion dollar windfall to do a specific task, but instead uses the money for stock buybacks and buying competitors. What do you think the government should do about it?
Of your house was burning down, what do you save?
what event happened with a friend that immediately made you stop being friends with them?
Customer service workers who suddenly snapped while on the job, what happened?
Redditors of Reddit, what was your biggest Bruh moment?
People who are walking on sunshine, why?
What are your thoughts on this resume(Link in the comment)?
What is the worst driving you’ve ever seen?
What's a good method of saving money on a low income salary?
You know coffee is a big deal when millions of people have a dedicated table for it and don't even drink coffee.. Why?
Who's your creepiest family member, and why?
Athletic people of reddit what is a so called sport that should not be one?
What are some of your opinions that are massively unpopular on Reddit?
If college loan debt is forgiven, what so.you expect the short term and long term effects to be? SERIOUS
If common rpg stats were real what would yours be?
What acronym for a life tip or advice do you live by?
What's the most awkward moment you had with your family member?
How many average hours of sleep do you get at night?
would it be possible for a male to get breasts without implants or hormones that would make you infertile?
Any rich person want to pay for this poor redditor college tution?
What is with the UK and banning pointy tools? How did it come to be that people accepted the argument that you can’t carry a pair of scissors and what not around?
What is a story you want to tell, but the occasion never came up to share it?
What are some smaller, lesser known or unknown subs that have changed your life and should be followed?
What are some good books To read during my summer vacation?
People of reddit who got expelled, what is your story?
People who let a hitchhiker in your car, how was the experience?
Gamers, first game that made you rage?
What would be the worst headline to wake up to on March 16th, 2028?
What is the story behind your username?
What is something your family did, that you thought was normal, until and friend came over and told it was weird?
When was the last time you lost the Game?
What are the best sites to see an actor/actress next to their cgi character?
What did you dream about last night?
What do you believe is the meaning of life is?
What story or tale do you wish was real?
Redditors of Reddit, whats the one thing you dislike about the site the most, and whats the one best thing?
You are put into a special school that can teach any subject possible, being one of the new teachers, what is a topic that you would teach?
What is the biggest conspiracy theory to why giraffes font yawn?
Ladies, what's some of the creepiest messages you've got online?
Using mods, what is the worst thing you have done on The Sims?
What was your “worst trade deal in the history of trade deals, maybe ever”?
What is the best product for guys with oily skin to keep their face healthy and clean?
What are some off the less extreme/mildly annoying side-effects of certain drugs that the scare stories never mention?
Semirer Digital | Best Digital Marketing Company in Delhi NCR
What are some of your favorite podcasts?
Commuters of Reddit, what are your worst experiences with regards to public transport?
People of reddit! I might be on the wrong sub but I would like to build a smartphone just to see if I can (preferably something newer) what sites/places would you recommend using/going to for parts?
Police Officers of Reddit, what is the most embarrassing story about the police academy?
What is your favorite song from a one hit wonder that isn't that one hit?
Fellow Redditors, who annoys you most when they don't follow the stereotype you assigned them?
There's that meme picture i can't find with that 6 year old kid with sunglasses, how's it called?
What are some things that need to be said?
People of Reddit, what happened that made you question your sexuality?
What was the worst “I hope you didn’t see that” moment?
What is your invincible roast you'd use as a last resort?
What villain were you secretly rooting for in a movie or TV show?
can you give me clever math group names?
You are going to murder anyone of your choice. Who is it? Why? And how do you do it?
Why is liking “the office” treated like a personality trait for so many girls?
What is reddit karma used for and what can you do with it other than brag about how much you have?
what is one thing that you hate once you don't have it anymore?
Dads of Reddit, what are some things girls should know when raising a dad?
Have you or someone you know had sex with a highschool teacher? If so, what’s the story?
Why would a person be so insignificant and gold at the same time?
You can have sex with any celebrity at any point in time what celebrity would you choose and and what age
What do people do when they can’t sleep?
Extroverts of Reddit, what things bug you the most that Introverts do?
Is the comment section on posts/videos always funnier than the post/video itself?
What complicated counter-intuitive fact do you know well enough that you can make anyone understand it?
If you had the shipping powers of Aphrodite, what couple would you change?
I’ll be 21 tomorrow and what advice do you have for me ?
Japanese people of Reddit, how is WW2 taught in schools? Specifically things like the Rape of Nanking and the Atomic bomb being dropped on Hiroshima/Nagasaki?
A zombie apocalypse has just begun, what does each subreddit do?
Pot shop workers of Reddit, how much weed do you actually consume?
You only have one week to live, but if you can get someone to kill you before the end of the week, you go back in time and none of this ever happened. What do you do?
What's the worst way you've accidentally ruined a first date?
If you suddenly awoke from a 10-year coma, what would your first question be?
What's an interesting fact about your profession that somebody may not know if they didn't work in the same line of work?
How do you think your life would improve/disimprove if you woke up one day as a hermaphrodite?
Any good nexflix action, comedy film recommendations?
People who worked with/had a significant interaction with a celebrity before, what can you tell us about her/him?
Given a choice, would you rather have global cooling or global warming?
What’s the craziest thing that’s ever happened to you?
Apart from sex, how else do people cheat in a relationship?
Girls of reddit, If you had the chance to fly with superman, would you?
How is it possible that your dream can build up to an external sound when it’s impossible to know when the sound was going to happen? (Ex below)
A hitman was hired to kill you. The only way to get rid of it was to give the person who hired the hitman your most prized possession. Would you do it?
Why do i sleep when it is hot at day and live during night?
What’s the biggest secret you have kept from someone close?
[Serious] Why does this app crash everytime?
Does anyone know how to access the darknet on apple
What do you think of tshirts that claim you can wear them for many days without washing or stank?
You get invited to a steak dinner with Bill Clinton, George Bush, Barack Obama, and Donald Trump. What's the question you ask to break the ice?
I'm colorblind and open for questions. What have you always wondered about colorblindness?
What is the most useless advice given to anyone?
Why are innocent and non-loaded questions always downvoted?
What's your story of running into a psychopath? What happened?
Ladies of reddit with bad pms, what has helped you clear your head during those frustruating days?
what criminal do you feel sympathy for?
What would the default person look like?
What’s your biggest “should’ve checked the T&amp;C’s” moment?
Teachers on reddit, what was a student you had that you were actually sad when he/she was moving on? Why?
What is the hardest choice you’ve made?
Do you think it's OK to flirt with other people when you're around the person you're "in love" with
Reddit, If every time you snapped your fingers you got 1 million dollars, BUT a baby died how many times would you snap?
Fck, Marry, Kill - country leader version: who would you pick and why?
Reddit, what are your favorite creepypasta stories?
Upon finding out they’re an Offender in the MeToo movement, which celebrity would devastate you and which one wouldn’t you be surprised by?
If you were a snake, how long would you want to be?
How would you feel if you had a dream where you were on a space station thousands of years into the future and saw a human military officer hug his alien wife and children to Aerosmith's I don't want to miss a thing?
What’s funny when you say it quickly three times over
During WWII, did countries from Central and South America, Africa, Asia, and etc enter the fight, why or why not?
Redditors, what's your worst problem with this sub?
People who don’t use turn signals: Why?
The Chemistry Regents is tomorrow. What are the most important things to know?
What popular song that lots of people like, that you can’t stand?
Non - Vegetarians, what do you legitimately think about vegetarians? Do they seem stupid and missing out on "delicious chicken and beef" or just normal?
What is one thing unique to you that truely makes you happy?
What was the evolutionary benefit for some men to become bald?
In almost every Disney movie why does one of the main character’s parents or both of the main characters parents have to die?
If you could have been the Emperor/King of any nation in its prime what would it be and why?
Ladies, did your family ever have maids? Is it common in your country? Why?
Appalachians of Reddit, what's the strangest thing you've experienced in the wilderness?
What do you think is going to happen after you die?
People of Reddit, have you ever predicted the future? How so?
People with Depression get told to be happy, what has someone told you to do about your mental health that was just as ignorant?
I want to pre order modern warfare. Can I pre order it with an xbox card?
/u/samuel_first responds to: What is the best “Free” thing? [+34]
Dear users of reddit, what's the stupidest thing you've ever done in your life that you regret?
What is the most ironic alien/robot name that you can think of (Ex: Hugh Man)?
Chemists of Reddit: why are farts underwater more potent?
what life altering decision(s) did you make, that many years later turned out to be based on false information or assumptions and how did that affect you?
You wake up in an empty room made out of steel. There is no window, door, toilet or anything else except for a note that says, “You may ask only one question.” What would that one question be?
Men of reddit what do you think would be best thing about being a woman?
What is last person, place, or thing that you literally gave the finger to?
Redditors of upper class, are you happy?
How have you seen a person's life be drastically improved in a single day?
What is something a friend/gf/bf's parent said about you that you will never forget?
What are the upsides and the downsides to allowing the Chinese to own reddit?
What are some common cognitive biases we should avoid/be aware of?
What is a double-standard that women have toward men?
[Serious] What was your favorite blind date?
What are some books you've read that changed your life?
(SERIOUS) For those of us who are anxious and depressed, what are some things you can start doing RIGHT now to improve your life?
Does Lightning McQueen have car insurance or life insurance
You've been left unsupervised in a mad scientist's biology lab. What monster will you make, and what havoc will it probably wreak?
People who work in psych hospitals, whats the craziest thing you've witnessed ?
How do you fill up 256GB of storage on your Smartphone?
What’s the youngest age a person should get married?
What's a song lyric that is often overlooked but holds much greater meaning?
If you could choose where you would born, where would you born?
Paramedics of Reddit, what percentage of an actual ICU do you carry on the mobile ICU?
Who would you say lived the most interesting life in history?
Why is slicked back hair considered greasy/ sleazy?
What is a question that you have always wanted to ask Reddit but didn't have the guts to do it?
What is something you have done that sounded better in your head?
Tinder/Bumble/Online dating users, what's the meanest thing someone said to you on there? What prompted it?
Air BNB hosts of reddit, what’s your craziest experience from guests that you’ve had?
What popular movie have you never seen?
Do you have an oddly reoccuring memory of a specific moment in your life for no apparent reason?
What's the weirdest/most shocking thing you've ever run across when Googling an old friend/acquaintance?
What is your favorite name for a sexual act? I.e. Cleveland Steamer, Dirty Sanchez, etc.
Which YouTuber are you surprised doesn't have more attention on them?
What is a good way to help make yourself go to sleep?
Guys what is your story of meeting someone who is a freak in bed?
What's something so crazy or amazing that happened in front of you that no one will believe?
OGs of reddit, how do you feel reddit has changed over the years (good or bad)?
Who is one celebrity you want to punch in the face?
What is the most believable UFO you know of?
What is the 2 dollar bill in the birthday card for grandparents of today?
People on Reddit, what's your name? And would you like to change it, or have you ever wished it was different?
Why do some people not want children?
School counselors of Reddit, what’s the dumbest question a student has asked you?
What album, video game and TV show would you want if you were deserted on an island for the rest of your life?
What is something you usually do but wouldn't dare tell your friends???
You have all 7 Super Dragonballs. What is your one wish?
IT guys &amp; photo developers, what are some of the strangest / creepiest things you have seen in someone's hard drive, camera &amp; films?
How to stop having bad thoughts at night?
What was the craziest thing an ex has done to you?
What was the biggest oops in history?
What are some easy car repairs/things to do which you can do yourself that will save you money in the future?
Sports fans, what confuses you the most about the game of Cricket?
What’s something that you’re proud of your country for?
What’s the dumbest thing that you’ve ever gotten into a heated argument about?
Girls of Reddit, What's your opinion of a guy's pubic hair?
What cons of popular wishes do you know?
How does one know is their bf is in love with them?
Do you judge other Redditors, if so what do you base that judgement on?
Coders of Reddit, what is/was the hardest thing that you had to fix?
What makes your manager good or bad?
[Serious]What are the signs that a child is being abused and what can you do to help?
Men of reddit what's the cleverest idea you thought you had that turned out to be very stupid ?
As wrong as it is, that’s just the way it was, but what in the future will be, such as it is now?
If Earth of infinite crisis were all Marval heroes and villain instead of DC's what would happen?
What is something your friend(s) did that made you end up cutting ties with them forever.
What something you can ask reddit but not your close friends ?
Messy Redditors who cleaned up, how long did it take for your car or home to return to its a usual disarray?
Tattoo artists of Reddit, what are the most memorable sessions when you placed the tattoos or piercings?
Why DID the chicken cross the road?
Tattoo artists, what is the most disturbing thing you have tattooed on someone?
Black people of reddit, do you use the black emojis? If not, why?
(serious) people who survived a shooting what was it like?
How should we punish degenerate sinners who engage in pre-marital high fives?
How would you like your funeral to go?
If all humans followed your same habits how would the species evolve?
Emergency workers of reddit, what is the weirdest and funniest thing you have ever seen on the job
What’s the worst rumour you heard about someone that turned out to be true and worse than originally thought?
Neo(s) of reddit, what was the biggest bullet you dodged?
What was the strangest wrong letter that was sent to you?
If you could be a superhero or a villain from any universe, who would it be and why?
What's irl counterpart of getting 1 exp after doing something?
If aids comes from monkeys, who the fuck fucked the fucking monkey what the fuck?
What bad habit or obsession have you given up cold turkey, with little effort? What is your attitude toward it now? How do you think this happened?
LGBQT Redditors are you fine with straight pride &amp; would you attend straight pride?
What country would you live in and why? (Homecountry not included)
What's is a poor man food that became hip, and how did that transition happen?
Women of Reddit who've been with a male escort/male prostitute, what was the experience like? Would you ever do it again?
How old should you be before getting your first tattoo? How old were you? How old were you when you first wanted one?
Would you rather have sex with a disgusting, stinky, dry, ugly, minutes before death granny, or you would choose a beautiful, youthful, shiny, attractive golden retriever?
You can swap consciousness with a pornstar for 1 scene of a pornmovie, what scene of what pornmovie would you choose?
If each state were to become its own country, which 2 states would be the first to go to war with each other?
What’s it like in a speed dating event?
The last status you uploaded to Facebook is to be inscribed on your gravestone. What does yours read?
What conspiracy theory has someone told you that never fails to make you giggle when you think about it?
Diabetics of Reddit, what are some of your stories?
Best places in the world to travel?
Do taller guys like basketball players have relative penis size?
Do you flex your buttcheeks while you sit down In a chair?
Can you just comment to my post just because i want comments to flex for my friends?
Was rejected by girl cuz not enough Instagram followers. How can one get more followers to win he heart?
What is the weirdest and most fucked up dream you've ever had?
What is a strange celebrity encounter you or someone you know has had?
Who else didnt know that most Koalas are born with herpes?
What's The Most Creepy or Weird Thing You've Heard On The Radio?
What's the first thing you would do in a zombie apocalypse?
I'm wondering if it is safe to share a video or photo from your windows 10 PC File Explorer to another individual and/or website? Would it be best to use Dropbox or another type of service to take metadata or encryption off of your footage and/or photo? Any Advice?
Men and women of reddit, what are some of the inequality between men and women?( except wage gap )
What decision has the company or person you work for made that you still question?
What cars do young people think are the coolest to buy?
Do you believe you have been abused tell me about it?
Reddit, what are your thoughts on the upcoming Midway movie coming out this November?
People who do house calls, what's the most fucked up thing you saw at someone's house that the person living there didn't acknowledge as being unusual?
Whatbis the hardest thing you've ever been through?
(Butterfly Knives) Whats this kind called and how do i find it?
If women earn less for the same job, why would any employer want to hire a man?
Similar to a recent post, what are things you find attractive in guys but guys don't find attractive?
If you could live for as long as you wanted to, in the best version of your body and never aging, how long would you want to live for and why?
If you could pee any liquid, what would it be?
Why is the phrase "to add sodomy to injury" not considered homophobic?
What are the best positions for ease/comfort, and how do I do said positions? What are the best positions for pleasure, and how do I do said positions?
[Serious] Reddit, How do you show your SO that you care about them?
Can you describe one of the happiest days of your life?
Non-Americans of Reddit, what was your biggest culture shock while visiting the U.S.?
Has anybody used a deprivation tank? If so, how was it?
Redditors who performed your talent for the last time before you retired how did it feel?? Did you know it would be your last time??
Contract manufacturers of Reddit, what was the worst customer experience you can recall?
What is the worst way to announce a pregnancy?
What is an example of a good song made by an otherwise mediocre artist/band?
What is something in your life that you wish never happened?
Has anyone managed social media for a company out of your country? If so, how?
Does any girl wanna chat on sc and see my dick?
Hello Redditors! It's my cake day, what is the funniest way a friend has flipped their shit?
Movie Question. What is your favourite BAD-ASS moment from a movie?
what is something u know u hate despite never trying it ?
Vent those satisfying petty workplace revenge and shaming stories
What is the major flaw in your favourite movie/tv show?
What is an experience that you were initially scared to try out, but tried it and was great?
What was the weirdest thing you used to "jack it?"
While our climate gets worse and worse, which animal do you think will be the last to extinct?
weridest thing you saw from a window?
What is a cover song you like more than the original?
If you could get any job in the world what would it be ?
What is something acceptable on the second date, but not in the first?
Suicide prevention hotline operators, what is the best way to convince someone to not commit suicide?
If the “natural” world is our everyday lives and the “supernatural” world is that of deities, what is an example of a “subnatural” world?
What is the best law to break?
Which is that one thing you love about yourself?
Do you ever look at yourself in the mirror and it takes you a moment to recognize yourself? Are you positively surprised?
If a perfect human being was born out of the Nazi experiments, would Hitler be justified in the massacre of millions? What is be the core argument against authoritarian dictatorship?
What new slang word do you want to spread to the world?
How can someone instantly get more interesting ?
Couples of Reddit, what did you do to get your sex life back?
[Serious] Former incels of reddit, what happened? How did your life change or how did you change your life?
Users of Reddit, what kind of dog would you be?
Would you say that you’re a frugal person?
Bouncers of Reddit, what’s the dumbest reason you’ve had to kick somebody out.
What was OK when it was niche, but became a problem when it hit mainstream?
I am a product development engineer. What do you want reddit?
Ladies of Reddit, what fragrance smells best on a man?
What's your most embarrassing"i lost my stuff" moment?
What was the dumbest thing you did as a teenager that could’ve ended way worse than it did?
How well could you live on $60,000 per year?
do you like working night shift or day shift more?
Whats the easiest money you’ve ever made?
What kind of porn do you watch that you would never do in real life
You have been given the Staff of Truthfulness but it only works on your family. What question would you ask?
Kings of Reddit. How did you ever get over that one ex that you thought was the one? Asking for uh...a friend.
Women of Reddit, one morning you wake up and have a penis. What is your reaction? What do you do?
How did you meet your best friend?
Why is it called salad dressing and not salad sauce? Same with BBQ Sauce.
What is the first bad habit that you would choose to cut out of your life?
What artificial flavor do you enjoy more then the natural flavor?
[SERIOUS] How do you deel with your best mates suicide?
Do you like or hate being alone - why? Social animal or recluse - do you like parties - why or not?
What happened to make "Jefferson Airplane" go from being an awesome band with great songs to go to being....."Starship"....blegh?
Im training every day for a month now, is it healthy?
What do you do if you were asked if this file is malicious?
People of reddit did you ever want to flex on someone/thing But couldn't find the thread to? Now is your chance?
I have found this strange coin (possible talisman?), what is it? [image link: http://imgur.com/YlpGBfl]
Dungeon Masters of Reddit what was the best campaign you ever did?
Could Global Warming stop an Ice Age from happening? If so why or why not?
What is something that is really popular now, but in 5 years everyone will look back on and be embarrassed by?
What does the porn you look at say about you?
What is the stickiest substance you have touched to this day?
What are some good books about the prophecies of Nostradamus?
Having trouble peeing into the toilet bowl without splashes back to my legs, any suggestion?
What's the hardest you've bombed an interview?
What pair of fictional characters would make the best porno?
Former Soviet citizens of Reddit, what was it like hearing about the Chernobyl disaster when it occurred?
What great idea you had that you forgot to write, only to see it implemented by some other person and made a fortune of?
How could someone go to a report about Uranus without laughing at every statement?
People in a relationship, what is the nicest/sweetest thing your SO did for you or to you?
Who believes man spreading is a thing?
What’s the laziest thing you’ve ever done?
Commission artists of Reddit what’s the weirdest thing you have been asked to draw
What's something that's hard to learn but "easy" to master?
What important bit of news that is not being covered by mainstream media that everyone needs to know about?
Overwatch players of reddit, what was your most infuriating match ever?
Wich game would you want a full remake of but by another studio ?
Dear Reddit, as a child, were you respected by your parents?
Who was that one person who didn’t get the memo?
If your life was a sitcom, what would the running gags be?
Redditors with seemingly boring professions, what is an interesting part of your job that most people have no idea about?
What’s the dumbest thing you’ve ever seen in your elective?
Dear cashiers of reddit, what is the dumbest thing you've ever heard or seen at your register?
Can you find the source of these videos https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mOG5_aT7tyk?
What is the cruelest thing someone has dating has done to you, that may have seemed innocuous to anyone other than you?
You are allowed to reincarnate into any fictional world. How do you use your knowledge of the plot or world for profit?
If you could ask jack black anything, what would it be?
What was your first question on Reddit?
Can your posts here on reddit be viewed less because of your location? (Living in the Philippines)
How can you make your reddit account private? Like how can you turn your posts and comments from public to private, so you're the only one that sees them?
Human race has forgotten how to make cheese and all evidence of cheese making it has mysteriously dissapeared. You are in posession of last 10 kg of cheese. What do you do?
Insurance agents / adjusters, what is the worst excuse for a claim you've heard or obviously a scam?
was the popular kid in your school nice. if so why?
What are some mind-blowing psychedelic trance music?
In a time of cheap clicker and ad-packed games, what fun app would you recommend to other mobile gamers
What's the most insignificant part to a significant thing?
What was better in the olden days?
Where were you when the Chernobyl accident happen and how did it affect your day?
What's the most impressive "back in my time" story you've ever heard ?
What is a fact that you know that makes people ask "Why do you know that"?
What was your “How the fuck did you manage that?” fail moment?
[Serious] Who needs to get something off their chest?
Inspired by the AskReddit jokes thread the other day
How to get rid of cats that get on cars?
What are the most unique albums you've heard?
If more and more jobs keep getting automated by technology and AI, how will people earn money if there aren't as many jobs for humans anymore?
[Serious] What privileges do a platinum, a gold and a silver coin gives?
Was there a definitive moment in your life that completely altered the way you perceive the world?
On average, how many squares do you use per wipe, and how many wipes are required?
Is it possible to somehow unlock iPhone,when I dont know pass code and dont have ID? How?
[SERIOUS] When was the last time you were discriminated/judged based on physical appearance?
Smokers of Reddit - why do you do it (knowing all the ill effects)?
What is the most valuable thing you've ever left in a hotel?
Sanitation workers of reddit, what was the most “oh my god” moment you’ve had?
Hello hi I’m 21 and very much an introvert.. I have high anxiety and awkwardness and not sure where to meet females my age to befriend. So I guess my question is just how do I meet new people? Or is there a sub reddit anyone knows of to help find friends? I live in Portland Oregon
What is the best thing that happened during this week?
What’s the weirdest flex you have ever seen?
Who plays CS:GO and what level are u? (ps.. Please put ur csgo username too)
What is the worst/scariest thing that has woken you up?
Why arent you sucking a juicy dick right now?
What's the sketchiest thing you've ever covered up for either yourself or someone you know?
Supernatural chill beings of Reddit, how do you remain calm around bees/wasps/hornets?
What is the worst thing someone has made you do?
People who work at gyms, can you tell the difference between people who won't improve (casual gym goers) versus the go getters/hardworkers (people who are serious about lifting). How?
College Students of Reddit, what was your craziest university experience?
What can we do to win a war on pollution?
What are the best jokes you know?
What is the weirdest thing your parents asked you to do?
People who have long time friends who are now professionals, what FREE service do you have access to now?
[Serious] People who clean up crime/murder scenes what was the worst thing you saw?
What if we were immortal, what will we learn from it?
People on night shift at the moment, what job are you doing?
How to ask a girl out when she's working?
Have you ever found someone with the exact same music taste as you? Or, how close?
Obese people of Reddit, how did you become obese?
What are most people wrong about, but they don’t realize? [Serious]
What is your worst/weirdest experience with video games?
What are your favourite pick up lines (bad and good ones)?
Door to door people of reddit, what's the weirdest/funniest thing that has happened on the job?
What do you think of tattoos? Do you have any?
What’s a genre of music that you enjoy that many people don’t even know about?
What was the thing you didn't remember when someone asked you "Remember that time you..."?
What was your little moment of fame?
If you are going to school what do you like and dislike most about it?
Help find a game! 2013 game bout bees making diff. honey by getting nectar from diff. flower also give royal jelly to queen and watch larva grow Thx!
DOCTORS of REDDIT, when have you ever been driving in your Mercedes you think you're safe, but there's no escape from a hateful world filled with guns and knives that say "give me a ride or give me your life!"? Halloween, every other day of the week! Livin in a cage in the USA...
What’s the biggest risk you’ve ever taken?
What's an "oh shit" moment where you realised you've been doing something the wrong way for years?
How does it feel to pass a kidney stone?
What is your favorite local multiplayer game
You find a nice hot plate of your favorite food sitting in the kitchen, but unbeknownst to you this food causes memory loss and you will have forgotten that you ate it afterwards. Also, this food will regenerate once you forget, and it will leave you hungry. How do you escape this situation?
I'm disabled and can't drive, and can't afford a gym membership. What are the best fitness channels on YouTube, with plenty of workout videos?
People that have been on Chantix, what kind of crazy dreams has the drug given you?
Am I acting entitled, or did this come with some strings?
If you could only hear one music for the rest of your life which one would it be?
What have you bought that you later realised you paid too much for?
where's the worst place you have taken a shit
WHAT ARE SOME CHALLENGES YOU THINK THE NEXT GENERATION WILL FACE?
People of reddit who have broken up before. What happened and how did you feel?
Widows/Widowers of reddit, what is something you still do even though your partner has passed?
Reddit, are you a cubed-ice or a crushed-ice kind of person?
If you had a remote job that paid well ($100k+), where in the mainland USA would you live and why? Please explain if you say your current location.
What’s the one thing you wish you’d known when you first started decorating?
What are you sure you could be great at if you had the courage to truly commit to doing it?
What is the best time you were totally wrong about something?
What is the dumbest thing a bully has said or done to you?
Goths, what is your go to makeup routine?
[Serious] Parents of Reddit, whats a time your ass got kicked in front of your Kids?
What is something people do that annoys you?
What unconventional traits do you find attractive about a person?
True crime lovers of Reddit — which case fascinated you the most?
What are some ways to releave joint pain and joint aches?
[Serious] Redditors, what was the best day of your life?
What thing did you do with the knowledge, that you’d never do it again?
Can eating Amla and and methi help with grey hair? Or does it work better/faster when in hair?
How can i gain more youtube subscriber ?
Would you rather have a never ending supply of shampoo or toilet paper?
Reddit, what's something that our ancestors did better?
After an musicians death should their archived music be released? Why or why not?
what is reddit karma for? what can it be used for.. i mean whats the point of it?
SJWS/Radical Feminists: Why are you the way you are?
What does after decline my first purchase? I just joined yesterday and I try to buy something using it and I got decline twice, any ideas why?
Redditors who work in a court, what was the most breathtaking moment?
Why are 2 out every 5 Redditors salty ?
How to make a girl love you again?
I remember seeing an old video of prince of Monaco asking Europeans to go and rest in Monaco, but I can't find it now, can somebody please help me out?
Hey Redditors, what`s the most memorable experience you've ever had?
What deceased actor, or musical artist do you miss hearing or seeing ?
What was your favorite “play pretend” game as a kid?
Men of Reddit, what is something that women do because they think is attractive, but is actually a total turn off?
How did you make a surprising amount of money?
To men, what's the one phrase women who've you been in a relationship with can say to you that will drive you bonkers (in a bad way)!
(22F) Biggest turn on? Whether it’s during sex or foreplay. Mine is hearing the guy/girl moan.
[Serious] Norwegian anaesthesiologists who speak fluent Chinese and have more than ten fingers, what's your story?
What's something that you did with good intentions but had an opposite result?
Got into my CS degree without studying. I get good grades. I want even better ones. Can't seem to keep focus and find patience to do so. What can I do to make a change for myself?
Redditors that comment what year they are watching a video on YouTube, why are you the way you are?
[Serious] Females of Reddit, what are you waiting for child?
Foreign exchange students what was the worst house or country you have stayed in and why?
I was born in the 90s but love everything 80s. What are some films that would scream 80s?
Do you sit are stand to wipe after after #2?
People that have experienced lips that grip how big are you?
Who would win, USWNT or El Salvador in a soccer match?
If you were to become the thing that your birth name means, what are you now?
Married people of Reddit what is your proposal story?
What is the first video game that you ever played?
Reddit users what is that idea/belief that you believe in is weird the others when you tell them?
Why does passing gas in public not attract women, considering that women are attracted to men who make them laugh?
What is your advice to teen-agers ?
Reddit only says you can not ask for upvotes, can you ask for downvotes?
People who know history well or are historians, who are some of the worst rulers in history (by worst I don’t mean most unsuccessful, but most idiotic)?
[Serious] What was a warning sign (or something that became clear in hindsight) that you only realized after something happened?
If you could have 100 of anything what would it be and why?
Which direction do you wipe your ass?
What are some hobbies/activities that a recent high school grad can start to enrich their worldview, well-being, college experience, and beyond?
What's something to look out for when choosing a daycare for young kids?
What was the most funniest thing you saw a pregnant woman do when she was in labor
What was the "minor detail" you missed in the fine print?
HELP, I need to make a life changing decision in the next 8 hours. What would you do?
What’s the scariest thing that you’ve ever seen?
If you could pull infinite amounts of one nearly worthless item (excluding money) out of your pocket, what would it be?
What is the best movie streaming site for ps4?
Redditor's with strict parents. How strict are your parents?
what will you do if you become the superpower for one day of the earth?
Mothers of Reddit, how did u surprise the father ?
Redditor’s who makes house calls for deliveries, repairs, gardening, etc - have you ever experienced the “porn” scenario?
What's a weird quirk you have because of your job?
[serious] Poultry farmers of reddit what is the weirdest way you have found a bird. (Dead or alive)
What is the most obscure subreddit you've come across?
What is the most fascinating thing you’ve seen an animal do?
If you could restart life in as any character in a video game world, who would you be?
What is the time where you got totally smashed and had something very important the next day?
Which couple is the best in Sitcom History?
Why am I like that?? When I go out, I can't sit nor stay up for too long.
If someone says 'It's okay' when you say 'Sorry', how likely is that a be a true forgiveness?
Which subreddits have you recently unsubbed and why?
Which song is stuck in your head right now?
Have any of you kept your high school friends, how strong was/is the relationship?
Why don't right handed people use their index finger to upvote posts instead of their thumb?
What does the voice In you head sound like and if you have schizophrenia do you hear multiple pitches?
If we get a woman president what will call her husband?
What's your best tips for African Wildlife?
What are the biggest and most common misconceptions about fitness, and health in general?
What’s something you don’t hear as much in music now compared to 10-15 years ago?
How does one keep from laughing when they really want to laugh?
What’s the best way to know the particular stars in the sky with only my smartphone?
How do you calm yourself when you're angry or feeling down?
If someone was to take you out for dinner, what would you like to eat?
Is this a official Cardi B record
[Serious] What’s a dream you had that made you change your behaviour / outlook on life?
What funny way do you handle a telemarketer call?
What are your "must haves" when buying a house?
Doctors of Reddit, what are common misconceptions or myths that are simply not true?
What gonewild subreddit doesn't currently exist, but you wish it did?
What are your thoughts about a company forcing an adderall prescription on it's employees?
People of Reddit, why do you shake hands like a limp fish? What exactly prevents you from using a nice firm grip?
What's the dumbest thing you could spend money on?
teenagers of reddit what was the this is complete bullshit statement you heard from your parents?
What is one secret you have always wanted to share but always been afraid too?
Why are Aliens often associated with farms or rural areas?
What is the funniest thing you have ever seen while shopping?
What is the most tasteless song you've ever heard?
I just saw my 2 years crush dating someone else please anyone recommend me saddest movie to watch right now
Who is the most overrated person in history?
What's the point of having followers on Reddit?
What is your favorite fish for a meal?
What are the Pros &amp; Cons of modifying your car so you can drive while sitting on top of the car roof?
Artists of Reddit, what do you do when someone you know is copying your every move and managing to make more profit while doing so?
What is a personal experience you've never told anyone about?
What is the most awkward time someone walked in on you and your partner "making love"?
I'm 23 years old and about to become homeless, I live right outside of philly but have no actual friends or ideas on where to go or what to do. What should I do? I had considered becoming a MONK for a while, maybe this is the time?
What animal would become incredibly more terrifying if it could fly?
What is one quirk your body has that you’d rather others not know about
Should people charged with sexual harassment be allowed to work?
Nick Carraway and Jay Gatsby: romance or bromance?
Employees of Long Distance Moving Companies - how does your company screw people over and charge ridiculous additional costs, or do they not?
Assuming Luck is a finite resource, what situation did you used it up the most?
What’s the weirdest r/AskReddit question you have seen?
People with helicopter/overprotective parents whats your story on the furthest they’ve gone?
Dear Reddit what is your favorite video game quote?
People who spend money on reddit rewards, why?
People of Reddit who have had to use Stop, drop and roll what is your story?
IT HAPPENS. Why does beer make me have to poop immediately when I start to drink it? Not the day after, but during?
Who do you have winning the NBA Finals this year?
People of Reddit, what are some of your best thought experiments which you can think about for hours?
What is something you genuinely don't understand and maybe other redditors can help you out?
Why is your perpetually single friend single?
If a genie offered you peace in the Middle East but in exchange every dog and cat in the world dies an excruciating death, would you do it?
Chefs, what is one thing you always make point of when visiting other restaurants?
What would the America's look like during the medieval times if knights and castles were over there instead of in Europe?
What's a stereotype that sounds legit, but actually doesn't exist?
Redditors who have ever gone into the bathroom of the opposite sex, any interesting stories?
Minecrafters of reddit, what is your story on the 2b2t server?
Guys on Omegle, why do so many of you have floral bedsheets/blankets?
What food would you buy if it was the only food you could ever eat?
Would you relive/redo your entire past year for 500k? If so why?
What are the seven wonders of the tech world?
Which is the worst human race in world history (non racist, I mean, to the moon, to the south pole, etc)?
Flat earthers of reddit who came back to the real (round) world, what caused you too see through the cray cray?
How do you indentify someone in the same profession in public?
LGBT+ of Reddit, how do you feel about Pride marketing from huge companies?
Why do Americans behave like "We are #1" in front of other non Americans?
What are some NEGATIVE impacts you experienced from the internet?
What's the most impressive thing you've done but can't tell anyone about?
what's something thats not really worth it?
What conflicts would you expect your morally perfect person to run into in life?
Invest On Real Assets(24k Pure Gold Bar / Gold Grains for sell). Do you want to save your Funds, Invest On Real Assets(24k Gold Bar / Gold Grains for sell) contact us for more information on price and exchange Email: fasasidangote47@gmail.com whatsapp: +971525675242 Text: (360) 249-7889 ?
What is the thing you are most proud of to have contributed to the internet?
What weird thing happened to you today?
Ladies, why is it bad for your husband to be right all of the time?
What are some words you read wrong despite not having dyslexia
How can everyday America's let the citizens of Iran know that we don't want a war?
What's the most complicated way you've heard someone explain something?
What's the most creepy scenario to drop something and have someone unexpectingly hand it back to you?
What age do you think most people have a good idea who they are by?
What’s the dumbest thing you’ve done with zero fucks or regrets?
What is the least deserved thing you've ever seen a person get?
What was your favorite snack to get in your lunch as a kid?
Retail workers of Reddit; what’s the most ridiculous story of an obviously used item trying to be returned?
Which youtuber do you hate the most?
Gamers of Reddit, why do you still play your PSP?!
What YouTuber have you watched long enough that you've been there to see them gain big popularity?
When did you have to call cps on someone and what’s the story behind it?
Children of alcoholics, what is your relationship with alcohol like? [serious]
What’s your life hack that most people may not know?
How bad for you is fairy floss?
Does Consolidated Communications do random drug test?
Which person in the world, do you believe, would be able to amass the largest cult following?
What can we see but not have?
What's the kindest thing you've done to anyone without any selfish motive and how did it affect/change that person's life?
A 3 meter tall humanoid is 4.5 meters in front of you and then all of a sudden it's 4.5 meters behind you without your eyes perceiving its movements. How quick is that?
You are forced to move to either north Greenland or Antarctica where do you choose and why?
What should I do when my 17 year old son comes home stoned from weed after going to "the movies?"
People who have been in TV commercials, how often do you get recognized in public?
What is your religion and why did you choose it?
why do losers criticize rich men that do drugs and have sex with teens for not "maturing" when in actuality the losers simply fell into line as social pressures accumulated and they would do all the same things as the rich if they could?
What is the best way to get over a broken heart?
Guitar players of Reddit, how to make learning to play the guitar as efficient as possible?
Ladies of Reddit, what is best way for a random guy to compliment your beauty without seeming creepy?
What is the most ominous street sign that you have seen?
If todays your bday how old are you?
Apocalyptic scenario, survival of the fittest. Would you live or die and why?
(SERIOUS) Who the best teacher you ever had, and how did they impact you personally?
Does your body needs less food if you don't have legs?
Redditors who are or were in the military, what’s your story of being disillusioned with what being in service is like?
Why do you care about nonsensitive information like your location and web search history being tracked?
What is the cringiest thing you would do as a kid?
What is your "Is this really happening right now?" moment?
Everyone of Reddit, what is the single moment you can look back on and be grateful you made a certain decision?
What would make you rich if you “got a nickel every time ______ happened?”
People who play fortnite, why are you so stupid?
What is your worst road trip story ?
Where in the world are you browsing from?
How many posts on Reddit originally come from other posts?
Gamers of Reddit, what is one concept in games that you would like to have in the real world?
Who is your favorite movie or tv show character?
What's your least favorite thing about reddit?
If you could live in any time period besides this one, which one would you choose and why?
Dear Parents of Kids with a younger sibling of the opposite gender, if they argue too much, wdyd?
If you could kill someone right now and have no consequences, who would be your victim and why?
What is the term for the phenomena of going to a psych 101 class and feeling like everything makes so much sense now?
What’s one decision you regretted as a teen but in hindsight appreciate as an adult?
Is Reddit considered to be social media? Why or why not?
[Serious] americans of reddit, what do you think about this (link inside)?
What’s the best trick or treat halloween joke you’ve heard that deserved more than an 1’-1/2” of snickers but that’s all you had on you?
Have You Ever Found Any “Ghost Subreddits”? Subreddits That Were Once Popular, But Are Now Empty?
Why is it acceptable to shame Mexican Rocky's body?
Redditors who’ve found out you have a disease or condition from something you found on Reddit, what’s your story? [serious]
Does one have to fail in order to grow?
How much money on PayPal would it take you women to send nudes?
What’s a music genre you love but if we ask people close to you, no-one will guess it? Like a guilty pleasure.
If you were a superhero, how would you earn money to support your alter ego lifestyle?
What is the most thought-provoking question you’ve ever been asked?
How would you commit the perfect crime?
Is there a way to block YouTube channels so the do not come across your feed at all? How?
Gullible people of reddit, what's the worst/unbelievable thing you have fallen for?
Who has left you mental scars that will never heal?
What's something you've seen in a movie, then tried in real life and it failed miserably?
Reddit users who attended higher education, what is the most interesting story you have regarding a professor?
Why do people find the word faggot funny?
Will you help us count to 1800? Link in comments
What do you (women of reddit) think about foreskin?
If you hit the shoot dance move in school would that technically be a threat against the school Bc your shooting the school?
How do you know when to ask someone out?
Multilingual Redditors: what are your tips for learning languages quickly and easily?
What made you realize you were the least favorite friend of your friend group?
How can I find out the history of my house &amp; the land it is on?
Words that have gone unspoken for too long
What's that best story you have about being high with your friends
What is the weirdest story you've read so far on r/AskReddit?
What is the best underrated game in your opinion?
What is the biggest scam in history?
What fast food place is the worst right now?
What is your favorite story to tell?
What’s a song that will come on unexpectedly and you know it’s going to fuck you up for the rest of the day but you play it anyway?
Men of Reddit, what do you think is the best thing of being a woman?
Students of Reddit, what is the best/jaw dropping comeback you have heard or done to a teacher or a sub?
Since Snapchat is down in Scandinavia and the us, what are you doing?
How can we actively protect biodiversity on Earth?
Gun owners of Reddit: Did you ever fire your weapon? If so, why and how?
What is the weirdest song you have heard?
How many episodes have you seen in a row?
People of Reddit with 'friendship+' / fwb or how ever you call it. How long do you have this friendship and how do you manage it?
What happens to your soul when your body dies?
What's a film remake you enjoy more than the original?
Stage performers, what funny or crazy thing happened during a performance that you almost broke character over?
How long should you wait after asking out someone before going on dates?
Whats a really strange routine/habit you have?
What are some good jokes to read when you’re felling ill?
What is the worst culture shock you had while visiting abroad?
People who were made into a meme, how has this impacted your life?
"hallucinogen" in /r/AskReddit: Blind people of Reddit... What do you SEE when you are high on a hallucinogen?
Redditors of 50+ age, what life hacks can you share that you wished you knew when you were younger?
What’s a decent older TV show that’s been completely forgotten?
If the Battlefield community was sent to the Arma 3 universe, and was to fight a war against each other. Who would win and why?
Uber drivers of reddit, what is the strangest thing you have witnessed a customer do?
Hey, I’m Harry, I’m 14, and I’m asking advice on how to ask out a girl.
Why do ancient sculptures like that of David's have small penises?
Not a traditional askreddit question, but can someone (or multiple people) send me images to so I can curse them?
Looking for someone who can draw up a tattoo idea for me.
What weird childhood fear do you still hold on to?
What words can you type on a computer keyboard with only one hand?
If money can’t buy happiness, what can?
Workers in food multinationals, what is the grossest thing you have seen or you had to do it?
Who is the biggest asshole you have ever met and why?
What was your biggest "guess i'll die" moment?
What’s the most dumbest story you can make up right now?
What should you do if you feel really sick and dizzy and faint in the head?
To all who went to E3, How was it?
What do you think of tattoos? Do you have any?
Is it just me or does everyone not have a "worst enemy" for these askreddit questions? You might be dramatic trash if keeping track of your worst enemy is important to you.
What written animal sounds do not represent the actual thing closely at all?
Film crew/editors of Reditt, what happens on reality shows that we don't see? Or what's the strangest thing you've filmed/edited?
What would be great games for the phone if it wasn't for the pay wall ?
What is your IRL level 99 skill?
People of reddit who've stood on a street corner with a sign asking for money: What's your story?
What noise or feeling gives you goosebumps all the time?
Do we have the right to birth a child to muddle through the hardships of life? I’m a (31m) with no desire to procreate. Is there any merit to reject putting a child through the trials of life when there is no way consult with them beforehand and ask, “hey man, life’s hard. Want to give it a go?”
What's the weirdest thing a guest has done at your house?
Who is the prettiest human you have ever seen and how does one get her number?
The Incredibles was released in 2004. Violet in movie was 14. The Incredibles 2 was released last year. Violet still 14. So will loving Violet make a person pedophile if both were same aged when first movie came out...???
Users of Reddit, what was it that made you join Reddit?
Medical workers of reddit, which procedure seems to be just fine now, but you think will drastically change in the future?
What is the equivalent to a real life video game “Easter egg”?
Which is your "at the university/school/work everyone knew me for ____" ?
People who play Dungeons and Dragons, whats the stupidest thing that's happened because you rolled a 20?
You have a weaponised army of 1 Million soldiers at your command. What's the FIRST thing do you with it?
How would you describe someone from the city?
What company is completely trashy? (ex: not helping animal abuse or not donating to a cause)
If you had to go back in time with an AK-47 with a lot of ammo and had to give it to someone, who would you give it to and why?
Corporate workers of Reddit, what are the things you wished you knew about surviving (and thriving) in corporate culture early in your career ?
Just given up smoking for the hundredth time, what is your top tip to help me?
There is a zombie apocalypse in your town and the next thing in your right will be you weapon. what will it be?
Fellow Meat Popsicle, How are you doing this fine day?
People who were bullied in school, what moment you cannot forget?
What songs do you guys associated with different emotions or memories?
The prettiest girl you've ever seen looks over and makes eye contact. What is your pickup line?
What song have you not been able to stop listening to this week?
My fellow reddit users, what was you “I’m gonna marry the person” moment?
What are your funniest, strangest and most irritating road rage stories?
[Serious] Redditors who came away from all major social media (Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, Snapchat etc) for a while &amp; then went back to it - how was your time away, what did you learn and what is your relationship with social media like now as a result?
What two subreddits would you like to see do a crossover?
Soldiers of Reddit, what were your craziest war stories? [serious]
Does it spread in the air space?
How can I turn £50 to £100
What is the worst thing you’ve seen someone do in public?
What songs are ahead of their time?
Why doesn;t this bitch wear panties like she;s wearing a dress?
Dear Redditors! What was your biggest "slap in the face " moment of your life?
Redditors against the legalization of Marijuana, why?
What was the dumbest thing you’ve ever done, just because someone dared you to?
(Serious) Humans of Reddit who've beat cancer, had a pet, and/or friends who've beat cancer, what was your reaction? How did the news affect your life? What are you doing nowadays?
What actor/actress should have won an Academy Award any time in history?
What are some of your weird family traditions?
Guy at a gas station asked to use my phone and typed a bunch of stuff
How would you feel if the next American president said rich people keep poor blacks down in Ferguson, Missouri?
Dear Reddit, what's your current balance and how is it making you feel?
People who had or have an addiction to porn art (drawings), what and when made you realise that this stuff is actually very bad (cons only)?
Redditors with nose piercings, how do you pick/blow your nose?
What/Who means the most to you in the world ?
What is a compliment you can give your SO in the same vein as "I love you" or "You make me happy"?
Asexuals of Reddit: What's a must-have at an asexual pride event?
Why would you personally win or lose an election?
What's your "capture the smaile/laugh" phrase when taking pictures/photographs of people?
What are the things that you've done and you regret it the most?
Can you be the mother of a girl and the father of a boy at the same time and why?
People of Reddit, who haven't dropped a F-Bomb in their entire life, how is that even possible? What are you made up of?
If someone didn't like you initially can they really change your mind about you ?
Redditors who have been to North Korea, what’s it really like?
People who slowly lost their hearing and went deaf, what sounds do you miss hearing?
What if when you died, you got to see everything you were wrong about?
What would be the absolute worst name you could give your child?
If you start puberty later, will you die later too, because your body is ageing slower? What do you think?
If you could legally kill one person, would you? And who?
What's a special skill that you have?
What's something you get irrationally defensive about?
What weird shit has happened to you today?
What do you think of the idea your great great great grandchildren might be able to one day in the distant future look up your Reddit account?
What is the worst customer service/buisness model you have seen?
What's the percentage of authenticity of the food served at Olive Garden?
What’s something funny that happened when you forgot to delete the browser history like to intended?
Which celeb would you have dinner with where they can only tell the truth?
What are the most annoying movie/TV show continuity errors?
What was your “it’s not just a phase, mom!” phase?
Do different types of water have different tastes? If so, what’s your favorite water bottle brand?
What was that one “must have” gift of the year that you asked for, and did you get it?
Ex-atheists of Reddit, what made you believe in God?
Residents of Alabama: how common is incest in your state in real life? Is the stereotype accurate?
What would you get your SO for their birthday?
Extraterrestrial Aliens of Reddit, why did you end up choosing Earth as your final destination, and what‘s your mission here?
Men of reddit, what should we/others do when you get kicked in the balls?
What's the best apology you've ever gotten?
What’s the gnarliest thing you have ever witnessed?
So guys I was looking for some good games under 100 mb for my laptop, what games do you recommend I download?
What cringe-worthy things did you do in your emo phase?
People of Reddit, what are the signs that a person should not be trusted ?
Missing, found and kidnapped redditors:What was your experience?
What's the biggest opportunity you've passed up simply because you were afraid?
What is your favourite music video and why?
If your name had to be a color, what would it be?
Hitmen of Reddit, what is your 'one that got away' story?
What is "the most aggressively American" snack you can name?
Why shouldn't a guy punch a girl in the face, when she kicked him in the nuts "for fun", or just because she's pissed? How does she deserve it any less, than guys who beat girls for the same reasons?
What's the weirdest/worst drama your fandom/niche community ever saw?
What Embarrassing Moment Happened At Your School That Ruined Your Reputation?
why do the upvotes change every time you refresh old posts that are not active any more?
Is it too late for an abortion?
Glasses-wearers of Reddit, how come you don't switch to contact lenses?
What’s the worst song to sing at a wedding?
Former / current School attendants of Reddit, how did you get in trouble due to the Zero Tolerance policy? What were the results? Did it affect the other person too?
People of Reddit, what is the most brutal rejection/ break up you've been through? What happened?
What is still taboo in your life?
What was your near death experience like?
Who was the stupidest person you’ve met and why?
Who's the best-looking person you've ever seen?
(Serious) parents of monsters what was the point you realized you raised a monster?
You’re offered an all expenses paid, 7 days trip to anywhere in the world to depart within 3 hours. Where would you go?
Whats something irrelevant and minor that pisses you off way too much?
Where's the worst place/time you've fallen asleep?
What children's books did you enjoy growing up that were about learning 'life values' in some way?
Why do people yawn in pairs? even when they aren't aware about it?
People of Reddit what movie did you watch last night?
If you were given complete creative control over an existing game of your choice and money wasn't an issue, what game would you change and how?
(Serious) People who grew up or near the swamps, what is the creepiest thing you have ever encountered?
Do aliens wear clothes? Why or why not?
What would you have said if you were the first person to walk on the moon?
What’s the worst thing you have blamed on someone and got away with?
Besides Breaking Bad, what are other shows worth watching from beginning to end?
Do you agree with the theory, that: If someone changes his/her hairstyle than something major has happened/is happening in their life? Why? Why not?
What’s a phrase that’s perfectly normal within your hobby or specialty, but sounds really weird or suspicious out of context?
What type of internet speeds do ISP's like Centerylink advertise when they say 80 Mbps, Does this mean they offer 80 Megabits per second or 80 Megabytes per second? http://prntscr.com/nwjosj?
What makes you look forward to living each day?
What power is useless in a comic book universe but would be amazing in our own universe?
Who's an underrated or relatively unknown scientist and what did he or she do?
What was the most chaotic neutral thing you have ever seen?
For every question a random person asks you tomorrow, you will receive $1000, where would you stand to get as many questions as possible?
Immigrants, what was something that surprised you about your new country?
What is your favorite video game of all time?
Tattoo artists of Reddit, have you ever gotten turned on while tattooing a client? What happened?
Do you have a personal UFO story? What is it?
When was your "I got to the cool kid" moment in life, and did work or backfire?
(Not counting so bad they're good movies) What is Your Guilty Pleasure Film?
What movie do you wish you didn’t watch?
What's the most disappointing thing that you've heard or seen, that just made you exhale a lot?
[Serious] Salespeople of reddit, what's the closest you've come to punching a customer right in the face, and why?
Paramedics of Reddit, what are your best "that's why i love this job" moments?
What is it like/what does it feel like to have a middle ear infection?
How To Grow A Youtube Channel - Ranking Tips?
If you were given a blue pill that would kill you instantly and painlessly, with no messes and legal consequences, would you take and consume it?
LGBTQ+ Redditos who are still in the closet due to safety problems, what are your stories?
Phonebooks use to be a bigger thing, how come they never evolved to contain cell phone numbers?
Biopics: Who's story should be told but hasn't?
What was something you did as a child that wasn't particularly embarrassing at the time but looking back makes you cringe?
How old were you the first time you sniffed a chick’s thong, and what were your thoughts?
What are some jobs that a lot of people don’t know exist?
What is the most embarrassing way you asked your crush out?
What’s something that never fails to brighten your mood when you’re feeling down?
Why are the "me and the boys" memes funny?
Adults of Reddit, what cartoon aimed at kids do you enjoy?
What's the "there's no price tag on it so it must be free, right? Hur dur!" Of your industry?
When was your dream became an aim and you started to work for it and achieve it..!?
What are places in your area that are creepy and/or haunted?
What thing have you realize recently, that makes you feel stupid for not already knowing it?
What jobs will cease to exist in 20 years time?
What is something done better by paying someone instead of doing it yourself, or vice versa?
Mathematicians of Reddit, what are the odds of having 3 separate backup systems failing after a top critical system, the national emergency number 112 in the Netherlands,failing?
What color eyes look best on a black person, green, amber, grey, or dark brown?
[Serious] What would go thru your mind if you knew you were about to die in moments?
Luxury workers of Reddit, what’s the most surprising thing you’ve seen?
What is a good “thank you” gift to give someone who allowed you to sleep at their house for a month?
Parents of Reddit, what lie did your kids tell you that they thought they got away with, but you knew from the start that they were full of it?
/u/AutoModerator on Is there anything Trump has said, that you agree with?
What's the worst thing you've ever seen someone do, and let them get away with it?
People of Reddit, when did you realize you were not the favorite child?
If you were a producer on Chopped, what ingredient would you put in the mystery basket to throw a serious curve ball to the chefs?
[SERIOUS] Former addicts of reddit, what are your relapse stories ?
How do you know if something is bad enough to get help? Like hallucinations or whispers?
you’re on your deathbed. what are your last words ?
People of Reddit that have tried to 100% a game, which part held you back the most/is holding you back?
What is the stereotype of your job?
Girls Reveal The Smoothest Way They've Been Hit On (r/AskReddit Top Posts)
When you poop do you wipe front to back or back to front? (This debate was our ENTIRE Father’s Day lunch)
Who else thinks they should make Detective Pikachu 2 be called "The Electric Boogaloo"?
What is the true "Worst trade deal in history of trade deals, maybe ever"?
How could British citizens help Hong Kong?
[Serious] The private hospital secuirty I work for is not treating us fairly with high enough pay to adequately justify the amount of danger we are into on a daily basis, how do we give about going in strike?
People of Reddit, what paranormal experiences have you had with your dead family members coming to visit you/hide things/generally making their presence known? And why do you think that they are chosing to hang around?
What would be the absolute worst thing to hold the Guinness World Record for?
What is greater than the sum of it's parts?
What is your life’s version of the GoT season 8?
How to get an echo in asmr?
What are some tips for finding, making, and keeping friends?
Is there even a difference between 720p and 1080p?
Dear Doctors of Reddit, What is your 'WHAT THE HECK HAPPEND TO YOU!' moment?
People to whom a racial slur applies - what's your personal relationship with that slur?
What phrases or terms are you sick of seeing on reddit?
Millenials and Gen Xers of reddit, what's the worse about Boomers ?
Fellow LGBT people, what do you think of Boston’s “Straight Pride Parade”?
What is something that happened to you which in hindsight turned out a lot better than it seemed at the time?
What video's content was so horrifying that change the way you look at this world ?
How much time and effort do you spend in cleaning your bbq grill?
Girls: Would you rather have smaller or bigger boobs? why?
When do you think that 1 Million upvotes would be attainable on reddit?
(Serious) people who witnessed a “paranormal experience”, what turned out to be the real cause?
What has been the worst day of your life ?
What is the most stupid and far out excuse you have ever heard/been told?
Thinking of quitting my high paying job to join the Coast Guard. Should I?
What stereotype do you fully live up to?
What is the “necessary evil” of your profession?
Why do you prefer working out with your friends over your significant other? Has this affected your relationship?
Women of Reddit, of which i am not one, what do you think are the hardest parts about being a woman in general?
Do you ever have OCD style panic attacks where you are convinced if you do or don’t do something, bad things will happen to you?
Younger siblings of Reddit: What did someone say/do that made you defend your older siblings and what happened?
What is the BEST pizza that you never see anybody else get?
Men of reddit. What do you think of women who dye their hair unnatural colors?
Is there an objective standard when it comes to what is or isn’t attractive anatomy?
How many people have you had sex with? And how many would someone have to had slept with for you not to date them?
What series are you binge watching at the moment that you would recommend to others?
What are some insects/bugs that fall once they reach a certain altitude when they're vertical?
Reddit folks, do you keep using your throwaway accounts after the posts earn you massive gold, silver, and karma?
What’s an “unwritten rule” that everyone should follow?
What lie have you told to make yourself or your life seem more interesting/appealing?
Who was the weirdest person you met with the same name as yours?
Believers of reddit, what evidence have you observed (no matter how small) of extra terrestrial life on earth?
Millennials and young folks of Reddit, what can we 50-somethings start doing to make your life and future better?
What is one dark secret you have?
Highly educated people of reddit, did any of you drop out of a super expensive graduate program such as medicine or law prior to graduating? If so, how much debt do you owe and what are you currently doing for work?
Women who play hard to get, why?
What unnecessary gadget you bought turned into a "how did I live without this?" quick?
What’s your least favourite animal and why?
Who is the most underrated person in history? (Take 1894)
Former anti-vaxxers: what made you change your mind?
What is a way we can encourage China to recognize Tianenman Square?
How to get penis out of toaster (please help it won't come out)
People with over-protective parents: what’s the whackiest shit they’ve done to “protect” you?
How to start a successful relationship? Where to find a girlfriend with similar interests?
men, the hottest girl approaches you in public and starts talking, everything is great, but she has this nervous tick where she bites her lip every 30 seconds and goes, "yeah, i'm the booty stank girl!". How do you react?
Policemen of reddit: why are so many of your heads shaved and polished?
Parents of reddit, what will you never tell your kid(s)?
People that got diagnosed with terminal illnesses in their 30s, was you angry at the young lucky types?
When did you realize you wanted, or did not want, to become a parent?
After traveling all over I've noticed a consistency. Why are pigeons only in Metropolises??
Ladies, What Attracts You the Most to Men?
What's something you and your friends always quote?
[Serious] Interracial couples of reddit, what are some weird things that you experience that couples of the same race may not?
Doctors of Reddit, what do you do when you have to go to a doctors appointment? Is there another doctor?
What are some unseen acts of kindness or generosity that you perform that you normally don't take credit for?
LGBTQ people of redit, how did you come out?
Servers of reddit: have you ever gotten a phone number from a customer via their receipt, and did you call/text them? What was the outcome?
Redditors! How did your first confession of love go?
What would happen if everyone in America got a Twitter and simultaneously tweeted their Bank account info?
People of reddit, how would you feel about a rule against reposting the same fucking question 70 times in a week?
How many parents are afraid that video games will turn their teens into liberals or libertarians?
Parents of Reddit, What is something you know about your kids that they think you don't know about them?
What murder have you gotten away with
Who was the person that taught you a lesson that you still carry on today and what’s the lesson you got from them?
Would you support mandatory driving test renewals like they do with passports?
What is something you really respect about your role model?
Moderators of ask reddit, why are you going to ban me, and for what?
What was your favorite thing to do when you stayed home from school?
Men of reddit, when was the last time a women made you feel appreciated for being manly?
What do homeless people need the most?
Who was the most dedicated student you ever met?
What is the actual best thing to do when you find out you’ve been cheated on?
Parents of Reddit, What is the funniest "fact" you sold to your kids as the truth?
What is the difference between counts, hits and events when analyzing data? How can events/second be calculated?
Outside of 'The Departed', which American remake was better than the original film?
What’s the strangest thing you’ve done to avoid a brief interaction with a random person?
You find a real life cheat menu where you can do anything you can imagine. What do you do?
What do you wish schools would teach?
Your post gets removed. Not because it breaks the sub's rules, but because the mod knows your prior, removed post did. How do you feel about a policy that works this way?
You're in a room of 100 people. If your life depends on you saying a number (1-100) no one else has chosen, you live, if not, you die. What number are you picking and why?
Iphone xs max or Samsung s10 + which one should i get ?
Gamers/memers of reddit, why do you hate fortnite?
Parents of Reddit, when did you realize your kid was not the “brightest lightbulb”?
Men of Reddit, how would you feel if your S/O left the toilet seat up for you?
It’s the purge. What’s the first thing you doing?
What will you regret not having done in your life?
Whats the most luxurious car, you got to ride in?
People of reddit, how would you feel about a rule against reposting the same fucking question 70 times a week?
Who is the Greatest Villain of All Time from a book, movie, or TV show in your opinion and why?
You have the power to "borrow" someone's body for a day. That means that for 24 hours, your consciousness will be transferred to the person's body of your choice. However, their consciousness will be transferred to your body during these 24 hours. Who do you chose ?
People who have to design, how do you think, should designers code?
What will be the worst thing to happen in a retirement home for superheros?
What is something you hate about yourself but other people seem to love?
People who took a risk on a new career path, how did you do it and how did it work out?
Drop in Nudity in the past 2-3 years
What is the general consensus on tipping for laser hair removal?
What’s the funniest interview screw up you saw or did?
What is your worst experience with a roommate?
Austrians and Germans of Reddit, is it true you do not like each other?
People who have met convicted killers, in hindsight, what was a warning sign that you might have missed?
What was one of the funniest/strangest things you noticed looking back at your favorite childhood movie/tv show?
If you could have 2 or 3 fictional characters just sit down and have a conversation, who would they be and why?
Who else is sad that terraria is getting its last update and why?
What was the best tip you received throughout school?
What is a mistake that we keep repeating even though we know better?
Hey reddit why don’t you like Donald trump?
What is a good place to post for lawn and garden advice?
If you could change one thing in the world, what would it be?
Being certain doesn’t mean you found the answer — you just stop looking.
[Serious] Who do you think really killed JFK?
As someone who has never quite gotten into it, what is the appeal of anime?
Writers and Public/Spontaneous Speakers of Reddit, what's your top tip for those of us who have trouble making coherent sentences that don't sound dumb?
In need of a new reddit name
Why do aliens want to be kept out of sight?
What should be illegal or taken more seriously in the US?
What's the best thing about women's soccer?
Im 16 and my hair is turning gray. Help.
On-Trend Designs and Affordable Pricing at Universal Furniture
Humans of reddit What was the fastest turn around from things are ok to f**k?
What actor do you believe is not playing a character in a move, but actually just being themselves?
Would you rather become a Kingsman or a Brother of the Nights Watch and why?
Dear reddit you are allowed to take 1 item from minecraft what is it and why
Pet owners of reddit, what is the most wholesome thing your pet has done?
What is holding you back from watching a bunch of cream pie tutorials on YouTube while getting high?
What's the greatest 'what are the odds?' moment?
What is your body’s biggest design flaw?
What is the biggest "I did not see that coming" moment in history?
Runners/Joggers of Reddit, what is your go-to “pump” song?
What little trick do you use to get out of bed in the morning?
[Serious] How did people react in 2013 when Disney's Frozen and Animal Crossing New Leaf became huge successes?
What's something you wish you started ages ago?
What is your best original pick me up
Are women really ok with a guy being vulnerable/insecure?
Saw someone asking the same thing about Australia. Do you have any questions about Estonia? I often see people being confused (about e-residency eg) in YouTube comments on videos about Estonia.
What’s the dumbest article or report you’ve ever seen from a media company?
What’s your relationship dealbreaker that most other people would find insignificant?
For what reason has a performer or band had to cancel a concert?
What's the fastest fight u seen and what happened
What are some pieces of history hardly taught in school or not well known that everyone should know about?
What’s a terrible/overused/cliche porn trope you just can’t stand?
What is the worst and most misleading stereotype about your city?
What is something uncommon you have encountered this week?
Officers of Reddit, what is the stupidest thing you had to arrest somebody for?
What is a book that you had to read for class that you ended up really liking?
Older siblings of reddit, what’s something that your younger sibling/siblings got that you didn’t that you’re still salty about?
If you could transfer money from games into real life, what game would you play?
Why did Shane Dawson fuck his cat?
What are some of your favorite movie trailers and why do you find them so good/effective?
What is the most awkward situation you have ever been in online?
HUMANS OF REDDIT, HOW DO YOU FEEL ABOUT THE IMPENDING TAKEOVER BY OUR ROBOT OVERLORDS?
Soldiers of reddit, what's the most f*cked-up thing you've witnessed during your service abroad?
whats the one and the only one thing you will change in the past if you can?
It has been announced that there will be a Purge on Reddit for 24 hours next Sunday, meaning that all bans across the site will be lifted, including quarantined subs, and no rules will be enforced. How will you spend your time wreaking havoc on Reddit?
[Serious] Doctors of Reddit: Do you treat patients differently if they pay a visit in cash?
What would be the worst feature to transfer from a computer to a human body?
If you could go back in time and steal someone's idea, what would it be?
What do you have really mixed feelings about?
People with helicopter parents, how did/do you struggle with them?
Would you give your life to save a complete stranger and what are you think at this moment?
Redditors who are in love with there sheets. Where do you get them?
Where is the most inappropriate place you have been sick?
Tips on how to recover from Drug/alcohol abuse?
Wht the freak happend to ny Minecraft horses? [Serious]
What are some things that are currently good about the American healthcare system?
Hikers, hunters and other people of the forest, what is the weirdest/creepiest thing you’ve experienced out there?
What would you do if you had to take a poo at school?
What do you enjoy most about cutting people?
What is the scariest thing you have seen while driving?
What is something that is small but very satisfying
What are small but, significant things that make you say "There's still hope in humanity"
If you were an immortal existing in this age of growing technology (photos, videos, information so easily available) how would you best hide your secret?
Truck Drivers of Reddit, what was the weirdest place that you’ve encountered while on the job?
What’s something nobody admits to doing all the time?
What’s an easy hobby to pick up that helps you get in touch with your creative side?
Did Reddit just change its algorithm to include a ton of ads? It's becoming unusable...?
Redditors with long distance relationships, what is your story?
What is something you wish someone told you during a toxic relationship?
[Serious] So whose fault is it, the guy selling the illegal drugs or the person buying from him?
What's the weirdest/coolest thing that happened to you while you were tired?
What is the most precious thing that you lost and how?
How has society and government indoctrinated our youth to the state it's in today?
Workers of Reddit, which company presents a pleasant exterior, but is actually HELL to work for?
TSA people, what was the weirdest thing you found in someones luggage?
what you do when see facebook in your news line?
What are the weirdest things the voices in your head have said?
Why is the McDonald’s ice cream machine always broken? Wrong answers only.
How does Snapchat know there's a dog in my picture?
What do you you prefer more, crunchy or creamy peanut butter?
What's your most creative safe word for rough sex play?
Who are you fairly sure is having an affair?
Parents of Reddit, what is the appropriate age for your children to move out? How long do you let them stay, and eventually when do begin to charge rent?
You get to make one law that does NOT benefit you. What law do you make and why?
What is your favorite "Jelly BellY" flavor?
What’s the worst thing your ex did?
What happens if you eat 50 vitamin C dummies (with 75 mg of vitamin C each)?
Who is your most favourite/hated Anime character ? And why ?
Game of Thrones or Breaking Bad? Why?
Women on ARAD, do you ever visit any of the dick pic subs on Reddit?
Why does fathers day make you feel weird? (Serious or not)
What thing did your parents do that seem stupid when you were a kid, but you do all the time now?
Is 80 too old to have children? Why or why not?
When did YOU get what you deserved?
What’s a normal thing in your country that Americans find weird?
What simple life actions do you overthink to make it more efficient?
Whats the best thing about being an adult?
What's the most heroic thing your pet has done?
What is a skill you have that you rarely get to use?
You wake up with 1000 dollars and a dead body in a bag, and you're wanted for a murder you didn't commit. What's your first move and why?
Whats your "I knew this person was gonna be a complainer from the moment they walked in" story?
Car salespeople of Reddit, what are some industry secrets/tricks that us consumers probably don’t know about?
What was the dumbest thing you did?
When did your life change for the better?
What typo did you type that made you look bad?
Do you think the advice of rich and successful people is sincere?
What’s is the inspirational or horrible lyric that you’ve ever heard?
What is something normal now but that will probably be weird for your grandkids?
Keanu Reeves, Chuck Norris or Elon musk. Who would you Fuck Marry and kill?
(Serious) Pornstars, porn camera crew and make-up of Reddit, which pornstars stank?
What split second decision likely saved your life?
Do you make enough food with the intention to have leftovers? Or do you make enough food with the intention to have just the one meal? Why?
What's the best news you got recently?
Doctors of Reddit, what is the strangest cause of a wound you have seen?
What do you guys think about Marijuana?
Is there a web site that list all the President has done while in office. I am looking for all the good as well as all the bad. It would be great if they were listed side by side with references. Thank you for any information on this.[Serious]
What word have you been pronouncing wrong your whole life, and how did you find out you were saying it wrong?
What is the first thing you intentionally touch when you wake up?
Why is it easier for someone to clean (dishes, house, etc.) for another person rather than for themselves?
You’re in the ER, where some very annoyed doctors are trying to remove a foreign object from your anus - the last item(s) that you purchased from Amazon. What’s stuck up your sphincter, and how do you rate the product?
Friends/relatives of disabled persons, what is your favorite characteristic about them and why?
women of reddit, wich one was the fastest moment you orgasm and why?
"What is a primarily text based subreddit I could get lost in for hours?" - /r/AskReddit (+4252) [June 20, 2014]
Streamers of Reddit, What was that moment you raged so hard, you ended your stream?
People who watch youtube gaming videos and dislike them, why?
[Serious] What are the little things people can do to make themselves more attractive?
When I was a kid, I got my PS1 controller whilst a football game was on TV and pretended like I was controlling the players. Does anyone have something more stupid than that?
Do you think another 'Hands Across America' could happen again in this day and age? Why/why not?
Would you rather fight one horse sized duck or one hundred duck sized horses?
Is the word n***** rigged wrong to use? Why or why not?
What is your worst restaurant experience as costumer/employee?
Road ragers of Reddit, what sets you off?
What is your personal "you dont know what you've got till it's gone" story?
Ants drag their ass across the ground to leave an ass trail for other ants to follow. It's pretty fuckin gross when you think about it. What do humans do, that aliens think would be pretty fuckin gross?
Where would you go to legally and legitimately scrap/sell parts for cracked 4K UHD T.V?
What’s your favorite moment in cinema and why?
Redditors who found out that your family was hiding something from you, what was it and how did it affect you?
What sport has the most money in it ? (Like sponsorship, salaries and all these things...)
Besides Chex mix and Rice Krispies Treats, what breakfast cereal hacks should we know about?
What does your Sunday adventure consist of?
What would you do if you won an instant upvote for a comments?
What was the greatest moment of your life?
What terrible or awesome stories do you have about interactions with cops? Let's see some contrast between the good ones and the bad ones!
What’s your thought process when you make a mistake?
What are things that movies get wrong about real life?
What happens if a vegan of 20 years puts meat into their system for the first time?
Bear vs Alligator, whose the best apex predator?
[Serious] What are behavioral red flags that most people overlook?
Can a sim card be put on a non LTE tablet?
Home metalworkers and bladesmiths of Reddit, have you a fireball come up into your face when quenching yet? If so, what was your reaction?
Did you ever watch a film/tv show and ask yourself if you were hallucinating ?
ladies and gentlemen of reddit. how did you discover masturbation or mastubating?
[Serious] What do you think about China's "thought transformation" camps?
If you could go back in time and tell the kid you to not spend money on a certain item, what would it be?
[Serious] Racists of Reddit, why are you racist?
What singers/bands had amazing music at the beginning of their careers and were still releasing new quality music 15-20 years later?
Reddit, What is the nicest thing someone said to you?
Barbers of Reddit: What was your worst moment ever cutting hair?
mspy can be installed on an Android device after buying it?
What's the dumbest thing you've done or been made to do in your career?
Should we have an upper age limit on SCOTUS, Congress, and POTUS?
Defense attorneys of Reddit..have you ever defended someone you deeply regretted defending and if so why?
Humans of Reddit, what is earth like?
When were you pranked by a YouTuber or some similar social media prankster on camera?
What's the biggest disaster you've ever witnessed at a wedding?
If we create a small isolated population of about 10,000 people. And started from scratch never teaching them the history of the world such as wars and slavery. Do you think they would live in a peaceful environment or is it a matter of time before the cycle repeats?
What is something that we are pretty sure exists or will happen, despite having no tangible evidence of it?
Are there any subs on Reddit for straight up destruction or things being broken in a funny way?
So, countries can go to war and have killing the opposition's troops legal right? So if I were to declare war on an enemy (let's say his name is Bob), then I could legally kill them and it'd count as me winning a war? Also, how would I do that?
Who's the best movie villain of all time?
Girls of Reddit, despite what the memes say, are there any interesting stories about the girl's locker room?
What was the scariest situation you’ve ever been in?
What is something you spend way too much time doing?
What's the worst job you have had/know of in comparison to the pay you get for working?
If you were a make-a-wish kid, what would be your one wish that was actually possible?
What song are you sick of because it's been overplayed?
What kind of technology was invented a while ago, yet it seems like it had to have been made just yesterday?
What are some good colleges in the U.S or Canada to study film direction and writing ?
What’s good about the U.S. when compared to other countries?
Hearthstone players of Reddit. Your card spells are now real. How do you abuse them?
What job would you never consider taking?
What shouldn’t you put your dick in?
What was your scariest and most intense moment of getting in trouble at school? Why?
What was the dumbest thing you knowingly did?
What is the funniest thing that you've heard or seen at an amusement park?
What features would make a monitor stand worth $999 to you?
What do you wish the colour of something was different?
What's your best tip for concentrating? (I'm struggling to focus when programming and would appreciate some good advice)
(Serious) How much money are you worth?
Muscians, how tiring is it to maintain your chops?
What did your government made recently to make your life harder and to piss you off?
People excited for their first high school reunion, Why?
What's it like to be told your shit in bed by a woman?
What was the coolest interaction you've had with nature?
What will you do to Stop matches from being washed out due to Rain if Your are made ICC Chairman ?
You can choose one superhero from any universe and bring them bring to our own. Which one do you choose and why?
You wake up and you and your partner have changed sexes. What would you do?
What’s the best way to ask a girl out if you’re shy?
People of Reddit, what's the worst thing you've said/done to your parent's and regret it to this day?
Redditors who work in donation centers, how often do people leave wallets or money in the pants and shorts that they drop off? What do you do with it?
Who would be your choice of actors/actresses for the upcoming Amazon remake of The Lord of the Rings?
What is your opinion on why we have dreams?
What’s something that makes you cringe but can never get enough of?
What would happen to a plant if it got covered in rooting hormone and what would it look like?
[Serious] Redditors, how did you make yourself more appealing for work interviews ?
People of Reddit, what is the achievement you are most proud of?
Those who live near a state line, what do you like to buy in the neighboring state?
[Serious] Divorced People of Reddit, What was the thing that finally made you get a divorce?
What is a good Gaming Graphics Card under $100?
What's your favorite lyric of all time?
People of the internet, does YouTube know what you are watching (Like on Netflix, crunchy roll, youtube)?
In first world countries, what is the most oppressed community with good intentions?
What happened to the bullys that got their ass handed to them when the fight actually happened?
You’ve been drugged. You will lose your memory in a few seconds. You can only write a few words to your future self, what do you write?
What's something almost no one knows about you?
What was your favorite childhood pet memory?
What is something that your parents do that annoys you?
Does the human body function must efficient when the ambient temperature matches the body temperature?
Could an enigma machine reflecting off a series of mirrors, to a timed and rotating second enigma be cracked by a supercomputer?
when a married couple divorces before their child is born how do they decide what last name to name it
Unicorns of Reddit, what do you use your horn for ?
Readers of Reddit have you ever been reading a Reddit post and realize its about you?
what is the easiest way to get cancer at home?
What past experiences make you think “what the hell was wrong with me?!” ?
Pilots or ATCs of Reddit: What would happen if a person flies an aircraft without a transponder? What would be the chain of events?
What's something you did that you feel you deserve an award for, but never got one?
What's the worst part about your favorite video game?
Smart people Reddit: Neighbor poor, have no goat. Need college, get job, earn goat. Neighbor borrow three goat, go college, get job. Job pay two goat, still owe one goat. Neighbor say go America, Elizabeth Warren give goat. What opinion you, Reddit?
What's the weirdest city you've visited, and why?
Boobs people of reddit do you want to duck why or whim not
What is the most illegal thing you've seen a coworker do?
What is the best horror movie you have ever seen?
What is a nonsexual part of the body that you find attractive and why?
Biologists of reddit. Given that a mule is a hybrid between a horse and a donkey. If a horse eats a mule, is it cannibalism?
Was there a kid in school who you thought was a little 'off,' and later actually turned out to be bad?
What’s the first Austin Powers quote that pops into your head?
Women of reddit, what are the things that immediately make a guy unattractive in your eyes?
What was a decision you made that made everyone disagree/be all out angry at you, then some time passes and you were glad you made that decision?
What's the weirdest thing to happen to your bank account?
What are some over usee quotes your family use?
/u/ArmouredBagel on How do you go Viral on AskReddit ?
What is a movie that changed the way you see life?
Guys: what are things that you wish you knew and skills that you wish you had in high school but no one taught you?
What's the dumbest thing a teacher has ever told you to do
What was your favorite childhood tv show?
Is it fine to steal memes from instagram?
What Actor/Actress do you think deserved an Oscar for a role they played?
Why has the emoticon layout changed on phones and Facebook suddenly?
What are risks you took which didn't pay off?
What are some of your personal ecounters with men who "just want to watch the world burn"?
Employees of cinemas, what was the worst customer you encountered?
Which wrong stereotype is associated with your country?
What is something you are passionate about?
Please help I want to build my first gaming pc but I don't know what mother board should I buy (I want it compatible with a ryzen cpu)?
If you were given the chance to have a certain sum of money but only if a random psrson lost double; that includes property and the like; would you do it?
Writer of Reddit: Why haven’t you finished your book yet?
How is that a good question? It's a joke
Why is commenting too much even a thing?
White people of reddit, when was the last time you said the n word?
What is your advice for every year of high school?
What is the best tasting bite of food?
What's the dumbest reason you've ever gotten a Criminal Record for?
Whats the most unfunny thing you found funny?
Why do scientists say “Disease X has been eradicated by Vaccine Y”. And then when people stop vaccinations it makes a comeback?
What's something you thought you knew about your future profession, but realized you were wrong about once you started working?
When was the last time you stepped out of your comfort zone and did something you never thought you would? How did it turn out?
How does one socialize and make friends and a good relationship?
What is something that always happens to you whenever you are in a hurry?
People who experienced a glitch in the matrix, what is your story?
What are the worst changes you have seen in someone at a school reunion?
Why do we keep on living despite it all?
Whats the new slang kids are saying nowadays that you hate?
Reddit, what's your creepiest road trip experience?
What is the most critical skill your parents taught you during childhood that has had a tremendous influence on your overall life experience?
What is the best thing to buy to show everybody you have a small penis?
Who's signatures are these on my baseball? I got it signed in 2017 by the Yankees, but I have no clue who any of those 7 signatures belong too?
What's the weirdest lyric change done in the name of censorship that you've ever heard?
People who go see a mental health professional when did you know its time to start seeing one?
What’s the worst first date you’ve ever been on?
In what ways did you enjoy your time at the movie theatre when you where the only one in it that showing?
What was the worst accident you ever seen?
Blessed are we, As we bless eachother.
What's the worst pain you've ever experienced?
Have you ever come across a porno where you knew/recognized the person in real life?
Describe the first time you got fired
What is some good advice for starting 12 hour shifts?
Why are Texans generally so much more passionate about their state, versus other states in the US?
What is something positive you can share with your fellow Redditors to brighten their day?
What is the most embarrassing way you have ever been tricked/pranked?
What was your worst experience with the so called "hacker"?
What is the difference between posts sorted by best and hot?
What's something that starts pretty cheap but gets really expensive later on?
Who are more annoying ? Men or women and why ?
Is it normal for women to be sexually turned off by younger men even if they are handsome/hot and why?
Redditors who are not currently using Reddit, what are you doing?
An outbreak in people simply vanishing without a trace when pressing the key bind ctrl+alt+del, are you pressing it and why?
What are the reasons why someone would ever support censorship?
what are some moments in your life that makes you feel that you'd rather be dead?
People of Reddit who found porn in the woods how did you come across it?
Mutes of Reddit, you can say one sentence, to one person of your choice, What is the sentence?
Dads of Reddit: what’s the hardest part of being a dad we aren’t usually told about?
Men of Reddit, what should you do when your women are pregnant?
If you were released from prison, what would your first post on Reddit say?
How do you try to remain "objective"?
You can change one thing/choise in your past. What is it? Why?
What's an inside joke you have with yourself?
What is something that everyone warns you about but ends up not being bad at all?
There was a song with a women in front of giant flowes with neon lightning in its clip. And lyrics contained "i dressed up for you tonight" or something like that. What is the nMe of this song ? It was quite a popular song
What do you do if Google(all products under it) is shutdown indefinitely today?
You find a magic lamp. A devious genie gives you three wishes. You have to be careful how you word you wishes. What are your three wishes? (Cannot wish for more wishes)
What questions have you been waiting for someone to ask on here? What are your answers to these questions?
Reddit vote keep posting past top asks and then responding with the past top comments - what will our overlords do with all this karma?
What region of the United States is most flatulent?
Question: Should wild bunnies be fed? I have seen on local TV that they give all kind of bunnies carrots. I am curious if they eat this and if they should be fed with carrots?
Why do some people still think the earth isn't flat in plenty 2019?
People who have experienced or are experiencing hearing voices, can you please describe it?
What's a commonly used acronym you completely misused for a long time?
To the boys: If you have ever ghosted a girl (aka randomly stopped talking/texted/seeing her without telling her why), what was your reason?
What's your most fucked up childhood experience.
Busty women (and men) of reddit, when you fold your arms do you put them over or under your breasts?
What do you believe in and why?
Fellow gay people of reddit, what is the weirdest experience you’ve had while in public with your significant other?
People of reddit who were once blind or know someone who was once blind. What do you “see” just darkness or simply nothing in a way you can explain?
You have the power to change one thing about the earth, no matter how big or small, without impacting its habitability, what do you change?
People with yandere girls what are your stories?
If a crystal ball could tell you the truth about yourself, your life, the future or anything else, what would you want to know?
What's your worst experience in healthcare where you or someone you know was mistreated by the medical staff?
What is your ideal weapon in a zombie apocalypse?
How do you ask out a co-worker who’s leaving in a month?
When did you realize that you were grown up?
What historical event do you think would make for an incredible movie?
What event changed the course of history for your locality, town, city, or even the world?
You are held hostage, your quote decides wether you live or die. What famous quote you saying?
People who are against the legalization of marijuana, what are your reservations?
What is the best way to get rid of depression?
People who, while they have headphones in, listen to music so loud that other people can hear it, who hurt you in life to make you do that to yourself an others
Do you ever just get a random evil urge or temptation; like "I could just do this bad thing right now?" What has it tempted you to do?
[Serious] Black or White people of Reddit who have adoptive parents of the opposite race, what was it like growing up?
How to deal with nosy people at work?
What's your favorite video game that lets you play as an animal, mythical or non/has animals play a major role?
whats the worst smell in the world?
If you had your choice of a Death Row last meal, what would you eat?
Game devs or anyone who works on video games, do you get touching stories/appreciations because of how a video game may have changed their life or made it better at some point?
Redditors, what are the upsides and downsides of having your genitalia (basically male or female but just for genitalia?
What is your honest personal opinion on alien life?
How do I cope with parents splitting?
Venmo account is frozen with over $3,000 in my balance. Can they take it?
Its that time of year again, best exam horror stories anyone?
What song is most nostalgic to you?
You now rule a video game world. What video game would it be and what would you do in it?
People with awful first or last names or a combination thereof, what is your story?
[serious] People who escaped child marriages, how did you do it?
What is the weirdest animal you have encountered, And why?
What's a mistake you made and thought nothing of until it came back to bite you?
What was your most satisfying instance of calling out a hypocrite on social media?
What’s the bravest thing you’ve ever done?
why are so many teenage girls posting about sudan on instagram, but cant point to it on a map?
What would you consider as the humans of the ocean?
What's the difference between owo and uwu?
What team do you think will win Game 4 in the NBA Finals?
Why have the democrats gone entirely insane?
[Serious] Young people of Reddit what is the deal with "Old Town Road", is it an inside joke, is this really an enjoyable song? I'm too old to understand why it's so popular.
Redditors who have used a ouija board,what’s your story?
What’s the best piece of advice anyone’s ever given you.
Reddit, what was the Poltergiest remake so boring?
How many of you have slept with ma mama?
What is the craziest dream you've ever had?
What would you do when suddenly you become a victim of public ridicule?
Why is the quality if women's sports so much more lackluster compared to men's, from an entertainment and skill perspective?
When is the worst time to shit your pants?
MGSV PS3 what version is quiet bug on mission 29&amp;42 fix ? current version is 1.10
Is Marci legit gay, or is Peppermint Patty just athletic?
Who is that ex you regret breaking up with? Whats your story?
What's your favorite question you've seen on AskReddit?
People who have signed NDAs that have now been terminated for whatever reason, what was the NDA for?
if you could change one rule in your school or work place what would it be?
Doctors/teachers/paramedics/women/men of reddit: What's the most disgusting/gory/weirdest thing you would do to hide $1M for a week if you got to keep it if no one found it?
Pokemon fans of reddit, if Pokémon could have 2 abilities what would be the most OP combination and why?
What are some easily forgotten things that are important to know/have when moving out?
What’s the easiest way you ever got someone to have sex with you (excluding my mom that is )?
What is the biggest circlejerk community in reddit?
You receive £1,000,000,000,000 (one trillion) how do you spend it?
Redditors: What is your go-to breakfast drink? Do you have more than one kind at a time?
Prickly heat rash is the worst... h e l p
Canadians of Reddit, how would you rate your decision to moving to the US and why?
What was the most embarrasing time you screwed up?
Long distance Tabletop Players Of Reddit, What service is good for chatting/Dice rolling with friends?
What was your weirdest experience on the internet?
Fast-food workers of Reddit, what was the strangest request you've ever gotten?
Too the LGBT+ people of reddit, how did you come out to your friends and family?
What was your scariest nightmare from your childhood?
Would you date people who posts on r/gonewild? Why? Why not?
Where is the best place to find extremely comfortable high heels, money not an issue?
What invention did you think was a stupid idea, until you used it?
People of r/AskReddit what was your best comeback in a heated argument, that absolutley destroyed the person you were arguing?
What is the most overrated thing atm in your opinion?
What’s stopping you from hanging a body part over the edge of your bed?
What makes you mad about internet culture?
Which friend once you got to know them was not as they seemed
Flight Attendants of Reddit! What is the weirdest thing you have seen someone do on an airplane?
Adoptive parents of Reddit, how did you tell your adopted child the news?
If you could tell your pet something one time, with a 100% guarantee that they will understand, what would you tell them?
What is your favorite summer activity with the kids?
People who have heard gossip about themselves in the bathroom while they were in a stall, what did you do with that information?
people who have ridden the 1:22 coming in or out of NYC, what’s the most interesting story you’ve encountered?
what is some “glitches” you’ve had in real life?
What’s the last song that made you cry?
What can you achieve in six weeks ?
What is the nicest way to response to a colleague who claims: "please note that the professional email communication is very important and the way you communicate is not acceptable nor appropriate" ?
In 1902 the world couldn’t fly. In 1939 the world got subsonic jets. Why hasn’t is been developed?
Have you ever met your Ghost Of Christmas Future (i.e a person that represents a dark future if you don't make certain changes)? If so, how did it impact you?
“I’ve got 99 problems but _______ ain’t one.”
What’s the worst thing a bully ever did to you?
What positive were you able to get out of a negative?
Insomniacs of Reddit, what is a typical night like?
Lawyers of Reddit, what was the hardest trial that you won?
How do you handle your friends being obnoxiously drunk?
If you could send a single text back in time, what would you say and who would you send it to?
Used to be Karens of Reddit, (if you're out there) when did you realize you were a Karen?
Police Officers of Reddit- What is the scariest thing that’s happened to you on the job?
People of Reddit, are there anyone here who still refuse to buy a new phone that does not come with a headphone jack?
Which of our daily life activity should get monetised?
What weird name do you call everyday things? Why?
If you had the power to chane one thing forever, what would that one thing be?
What do you think the best way to apologize is without actually being forthright?
Can you use Java Script to code/program a website?
What was a failure that you turned into a succes
Люди, ездившие в США. Что в путешествии вас шокировало/удивило?
What was one bug/issue/glitch with a game or anything on your computer that only YOU had and it was impossible to fix?
What brand name sounds dirty if put in the right context?
Reddit, how do you keep yourself drinking enough water during the day?
If you could go back in time and do one thing what would it be?
Funeral directors of Reddit, what was the weirdest/saddest funeral you ever had to pull through?
What's something you learnt from a film or TV show that helped you in your everyday life?
With all the “Is this a personality?” and “BLANK is not considered a personality” memes, what do YOU consider a personality?
People who have/had mental illness, what’s the best thing that has come out of it?
When did your gut feeling turn out to be completely WRONG?
You step onto any sort of public transport, 50% of the seats are occupied, the remaining 50% is available. What’s your thought process as you choose a seat?
How do I make it so after I read the top rated comment I don't have to scroll through a whole thread of replies before getting to the second rated comment?
Doctors of reddit what are the some last words by people about to die you never forgot?
American dad concerns (please read, you’ll regret not)
What book would you recommend to read?
What's a dish you could eat every day until the day you die?
People who grew up in a drug/alcohol-affected household, what was it like growing up and now?
What do you think, Why is it so easy to kill our happiness, But so hard to kill our sadness?
Why are women typically better at discerning color than men, despite men being biologically much more visual?
What's the biggest thing you've ever gotten away with?
Reddit, comment things to send to Tinder matches?
What's the weirdest music video you saw?
What is your self destructive nature like?
What made you do a double take?
Equestrians of Reddit, what was your worst fall, how did it happen and what was the aftermath of it?
What is something that is vital and super important that is about to happen?
What is the worst accidental text you've sent?
What are some of the best free tools/programs on the internet?
Who is your favourite character in your faviourite movie and why?
(Behavioural) Psychologists/Relationship experts etc of Reddit, is there a reason why lead singers seem automatically more attractive?
Where do you see yourself in 10 years?
Don't move anything apart from your hands and take a selfie with the front facing camera or Web camera, how do you look and is it a picture that you wouldn't mind others seeing?
What are some generic ways to say someone can improve at work in a professional reference?
If you could have one question awnserd, what would you ask?
[Serious] Stay-at-home dads of reddit who were accused of being a pedophile while being with their child/children. What's your story?
What's the cutest thing your spouse/significant other has ever done?
Has anyone else noticed that the Boomer generation is incredibly immature ?
What is the most worthwhile goal a person can dedicate their life to?
What are some examples of being both dope and nope at the same time?
Are there female happy ending massage parlors?
If your country had to pick a modern (1950s-today) song for its new national anthem, what would it be?
When did you realized that your husband/wife is "that one"?
What is the worst anime trope ever and why?
Why do people wear shoes in their house?
What is the best dream you have ever had?
not what this is meant for but can someone tell me what i have to do in college to work at an exotic animal sanctuary?
Dear people who grew up with Youtube, who was your ‘Youtube Idol’ and what do you think about them today?
Who do you think is the most attractive cartoon character?
Students and former students of Reddit, what was the most incredibly insane thing that happened at your school?
If you could eliminate 1 specific invention in the world, which one would it be?
How many people did you hook up with before settling down with your current partner, and how do you feel about your decision to do so or not do so?
Who would like to PayPal me gifts ?
What foods do you eat to bulk up ?
What are the best dating apps 2019?
Besides Heath Ledger joker and Vaas from Far cry 3, who else is a great villain?
How do we know the speed of light?
Who the fuck invented seeds in lemons?
Straight people of reddit what questions do you want to ask people in the LGBT+ community?
Confidence artists of Reddit, what’s the most satisfying con you have pulled off ?
Humans of Reddit: Why are you 'not like other humans'?
Gamers of Reddit - What is the biggest let down of a game you have had
What makes you different from other people? (In a positive OR negative way?)
[Serious] Friday the 13th has always been portrayed as an unlucky and/or a bad day in pop culture. Have you ever had an experience on a Friday the 13th that made you believe it is an unlucky day?
Where is the most sacrilegious place you've had sex?
People who have been in advertisements, has anyone in public ever recognized you?
People of Reddit, What's An Underrated Subbreddit That Deserves More Attention?
What’s one thing that beginners luck could beat a professional?
What was the moment you realized that something you thought helped you was actually the placebo effect?
Have you ask yourselves why sudenly everybody verenate Keanu Reeves like a god?
People of r/centuryclub, how did you get your karma?
What is an innovation that doesn’t exist, but should?
What Is The Biggest Change You Want To Make In Your Life?
Do you think Native Americans still are at a disadvantage?
People who speak multiple languages, do you think your thoughts in your first language or another, and why do you do one over the other?
What is your fictional weapon of choice?
Windows users, have you ever wondered how would it be like to own a Mac? Mac users, have you ever wondered how would it be like to own a Windows PC?
What did you ever take credit for but didn't deserve?
What do you do if you feel your friends are ignoring/avoiding you?
If you could undo any decision that you have made in your life, what would it be?
What is your Rapper name basing on the last food that you eat?
Which celebrities do you think check their own Wikipedia page the most?
People of reddit, do you have a younger sibling who is treated better than you? My little brother recently got a gaming laptop with an i7 7700HQ and GTX 1050ti 4gb. He's in fifth grade. I have a dual core toaster from 2009. Why does this happen?
Now that 5G is coming, what do you imagine doing with it except fast downloading tons of GB?
Peoples reactions and stories about Chernobyl Disaster (via r/AskReddit)
What are you doing right now and what are you planning on doing later?
If you could get away without (legal) consequences, what would you NOT do for 1 Billion Dollars?
What are some unusual uses for WD 40?
How does your self image change after being alone/isolated for a long time, and what steps do you take to deal with it?
Professionals of Reddit, what is something others claim your expertise for that is totally wrong?
People of reddit with a rape fantasy who was raped, how did it affect your fantasy?
Dads with daughters, what didn't you know about women that you learned from your daughter(s)?
Reddit girls what do you think of Reddit gamer Bois?!? Very curious to know :)
What is your truly heartbreaking "unrequited love" story?
If you had $1,000,000 but could only spend it on ONE item (at least 900,000, so not exact-exact), what would it be?
Have you ever gotten 100 or more upvotes?
How does one ask for a instagram name of a girl without coming off as creppy ?
How do you smile? It's hard to show a fakesmile before someone else shows a smile, and when they do smile, it becomes a real smile. So how do you give a random stranger a genuine smile before they give you a smile?
What was popular when you were young but isn’t now?
What is something that you learned in a TV show and that has been useful in your real life?
What is your favorite Post-Grunge album and why?
People with HD, how do you deal with your condition and what are some things that keep you going?
What do you think of my username?
People of reddit, those of you who once had to keep your profession a secret, what did you do?
What Existing Sentence you wish to Never Ever Hear during your Lifetime?
What is the one repost you still find funny?
Go spam this with likes so people look up the best movie ever.
What is a dream that you had that made you sad when you woke up?
Teachers always talk about some kid who cut their head open by swinging on a chair/ running with scissors and something happened. My question is, were you ever that one kid the teacher had as an example not to do something? If so, why, and did you learn from it?
Boys of Reddit, what’s your favorite body party on a female?
If noone named their child Karen, what name would be the Karen of the next generation?
Multilingual Redditors, what was your "They don't know I can speak that language" moment
What's the craziest thing you've ever found?
What is the single biggest mistake ever?
What was the dumbest shit you did as a kid?
People who have tinted license plate covers on their car, why? Tinted windows can serve a purpose, so that makes sense. Are you planning on commiting crimes? [Serious]
Ex soldiers of reddit what kill do you most regret during your time as a soldier?
What is a thing you do, but when you do that everyone is looking so weird at you?
What is one thing, if you could, you would change about your boy/girlfriend?
Japanese americans, how do you feel about the concentration camps reopening in the States?
Whats the worst thing that happend to you in a relationship that you though was normal at the time?
What is your favorite "so bad it's good" movie?
If left and right were to be swapped tomorrow and you’re the only one to know about it, what would you do?
What do you feel is the best, most practical vision to initiate true world peace?
Women of Reddit what is one thing that you would like men to know about you when you are climaxing (ie where is it sensitive etc...)?
What are the BEST male/female double standards?
Describe that one pseudo depressed girl from your class that you absolutely hate?
What is a local/ urban legend you truly believe in?
People of Reddit what was your schools black market?
Which year was the most painful in your life and what where the memories you had of that year?
People of reddit who lost substantial ammounts of weight and kept it off for a substantial ammount of time, what is your routine?
Who is the most DGAF (Don’t Give a Fuck) person you know?
Why do you compare yourself to others when you were given free will to do as you wish, in whatever way you wish?
D&amp;D players of Reddit, do you have any crazy chaotic good story’s? If so, What’s the story?
[Serious] people who use the passing lane to drive and/or just won’t let faster drivers by, why?
Redditors who saw their parent play a lot/be good at video games, what type of Adult did you become?
What’s your “the 80s were so fun, kids would never be able to do that today” story?
Redditors,what's the most stereotypical thing you've ever heard
What’s the most common english word known to all (wo)man on planet earth?
Transgender people of Reddit have you ever trapped a straight person and how?
How many people transitioned to Reddit because of YouTube videos about a text to speech generated voice reading comments from this subreddit?
What makes you want to kick someone in the mouth?
Everyone, how many hours of sleep do you average a night?
What's a dream that changed your thoughts on a person
If you are a believer of supernatural what have you witnessed to come to that conclusion?
I am creating a time capsule for myself in 30 years. I'll write down some top comments in my capsule. What are some predictions you have for the future (2049)?
How old are your Reddit accounts? I was wondering if anyone has an 10+ year old one.
Fishes of Reddit, what is a load of barnacles?
What unsolved mystery do you think you have a possible answer to?
Whats a Thing you though was normal to do, but later dircovered, it was not?
What thing that you accidentally said are you embarrassed by?
How would you let people's impressions of your hobbies not bother you?
What are some not very well known mobile apps you use daily?
What’s the craziest secret you learned about someone in your life that, for better or worse, completely changed your view of them?
people who sleep with their door open, why?
Why do people outside the U.S sing with an American accent?
What is something that you thought was legal when you done it, but later found out it actually wasnt.?
Do you think there is a big difference between a serial killer and a psychopath?
if you had to enter an eating competition, what food would you choose? the winner is whoever eats the greatest mass of food within a 30 minute timeframe AND different people may be eating different things
People of Reddit, what is the most ignorant claim you’ve ever heard ?
People of r/askreddit what is the most believable conspiracy theory you have ever heard?
Why am I tired all day and super focused at night?
How long has it been since you started your current phase of life?
What is your favourite quote and why?
How much longer will it be before we can create a learning AI that can code?
What's something about you that makes you unique?
People that have had the pure joy of stabilizing their gut weather, what was your remedy?
When does it make sense to buy porn?
What artist/band became overrated after their early death?
What’s the creepiest thing you have stumbled upon on the internet?
If how you take a shower in the morning how often do you shower again before bed?
What fast food place do you think had the grossest, lowest quality food?
Years from now, what do you think people will be saying “That’s so 2018/2019” to?
What was the worst customer experience in retail you've ever experienced?
What is the most difficult job on the planet?
Hunters of Reddit, what is your most interesting hunting story ?
Which sitcom maintained its quality most consistently over its entire run and how did Seinfeld do it so well?
Are you a sock sock, shoe shoe person or a sock shoe, sock shoe person?
What are some of your personal ecounters with men/women who "just want to watch the world burn"?
Military members of Reddit. Has any active duty members been told to be ready to move out and deploy of recent?
What’s the single greatest song you’ve ever heard?
What do you do to get your creative juices flowing?
What is that one thing that people say that makes you mad, like a trigger word?
What doesn't make any sense in the English language?
Does anyone else think rap is way overrated?
When you know your alone, do you still sometimes feel like something is watching you?
Who was the dumbest person you ever met? How did you know?
Those of you who have changed careers after 10+ years... What caused the change, and where/how did you end up?
What’s something you wish you could tell the person you miss the most?
People who have dated their best friend/close friend, how did it turn out for you?
What was the hardest decision you've ever had to make when it came to a relationship
Do you eat macaroni and cheese with a spoon or fork?
What sort of technology do you think the human race will possess in 1 million years?
(Serious) What is the absolute WORST thing you’ve ever seen on the web?
There are these troublesome birds from the outside trying to make a nest at the side of the house. I sealed the gap, but they came back. How do I get rid of them permanently and in a humainly ?
3 part question. If arrested; Who would you call? Why? What's it most likely you'd be arrested for?
If kids run the country, which law would make you feel "wtf"?
People of Reddit, how do you deal with working second or third shift?
Why do I feel inclined to wash new clothes after I buy them?
If search engines wasn't a thing, how would our lifes be different?
Can somebody explain why Huawei is so important to US technology. What do they supply? Please don't get to technical. The KISS explanation is probably best. Thanks
What was your biggest "well, that was easy" moment
What remarkably bad afternoon plan did you have as a child?
What are the dumbest medical “facts” that you think you can get most people to believe at first at least?
What is your definition of perfect happiness?
what’s a creepy/weird thing u have come across on the internet ?
What is that one song that never fails to get you pumped up or in a good mood?
How do you explain to someone who's never been high before how it feels ?
Men of Reddit, what items of clothing do Girls wear that immediately turn you off?
What have you done today to make a difference?
My girlfriends parents are getting a divorce and I have no idea how to support her or what to dlsay to make her feel better, can somone try and help me so I can help her
What’s something you’ve tried, that you’ll never, ever try again?
Which celebrity has the most toxic fanbase?
What was an argument that you desperately wanted to win over?
How do I clean wd40 out of a water pistol so that I can drink from it without it tasting of lubricant?
Well, when 2 lesbians have sex... when they finish?
You gotta live your life as a normal student, except all of your teachers are Sonic the Hedgehog. However, you can trade this for BEING a teacher, and all of your students are Ugandan Knuckles. Do you trade? Why or why not?
What would you think of a American who blames rich Mexicans for Mexico’s poverty?
Labor Workers of Reddit, What do You do for your Feet?
People who have thought about committing a tragedy, what made you decide against it? (serious)
People with Motor skill issues, how do you explain it to other people?
If you could choose to be born in any decade from the 1900s on, what decade would you choose and why?
Parents who had a child die unexpectedly, how did/do you cope?
What is one thing your dad taught you?
What is the best invention that never came on the market for whatever reason?
If you could go back in time one hour from now, what would you change?
What movie or series did you watch, knowing nothing about it, and ended up loving it?
How does one get a top comment on r/AskReddit?
[Serious] What do you do when you miss someone that you can't hit up anymore?
How Do I Create a Block Tower In Unity?
911 Operators, what’s the weirdest call you’ve gotten?
What to say and what to avoid?
What are some ways to say “I love you” without actually saying it?
What kind of phone do you have?
What's the best thing you could get with the money that's in your Bank Account right now?
Married folks, what made you think that was a good idea?
Redditors, what are 3 things that have made you happy in the last 24 hours?
Needs to know what episode of a show this was. Maybe I dreamed it.
What is one experience you had at your work place that made you go like "a good teacher is really important” ?
How would you describe your reaction to being tickled?
Former homeless/deeply impoverished people of reddit, how did you get back on your feet and how has your life progressed?
[Serious] What are some extremely awful phrases emotional abusers say to their victims?
Redditors, what made you instantly want slab someone?
Attractive peoples of tae Reddit, what is your strategies to pick up tae clunge?
You get three wishes. You can't wish for more wishes, you can't wish for anyone to fall in love with you, and you can't wish anyone back from the dead. Yea, it's basically the genie from Aladdin giving you three wishes, except there is no genie that needs your help. What do you wish for?
What are your tips for negotiating salary for new or current jobs?
Students of Reddit, what is the stupidest thing you ever got in trouble for?
What's the strangest coincidence to ever happen to you?
What's one sub ban you'll wear with pride?
Why is U.N. headquartered in New York City but it was founded in San Francisco?
What is something you 100% wouldn't want to lose in a foreign country, aside from ID or your passport?
What do you want to say but have no person, reason, or thread to say it for?
What was the best life lesson(s) you had to learn ‘the hard way’?
[SERIOUS] People that have killed in self-defence, what's your story?
What was your “wow, I’m a badass” moment that nobody else was around to see?
What was the worst (in any sense of the word) death of a character (tv/movie/book)?
What's something you really want to tell someone but can only say it anonymously on Reddit?
What is something that requires lots of patience but isn't even worth it?
What is the most creative question you've ever seen on r/AskReddit?
Don't shit where you eat. Should I go after a girl from work?
What was the last straw that made you decide to cut off all contact with a family member?
What is the best terrifying or creepy 1 liner from a film?
What's the strongest drug you've ever done and how was it?
What is - in your opinion - the best movie death ever?
What are some of history’s greatest accidental inventions?
What’s the most embarrassing thing you would constantly do as a kid?
[seriois] Sales of reddit, how you know your product well? I think finding questions is harder than solving them.
Who's the most strangely named person you've ever encountered?
If you could create any kind of technology you can imagine, what would it be, and how would you use it?
What is your absolute favorite order at a major United States fast-food chain restaurant (to qualify, it must have a drive-thru)?
What is the best yearbook quote you have ever seen?
Why is there such distain with vaping? How is it any different than the act of smoking cigarettes?
Trans people, tell me something you wish I, a cisgender person would know.
What's a good YouTube rabbithole to explore?
What was the worst betrayal you have ever experienced?
What’s your thoughts on the US Navy?
You are a middle class 45 year old american, and you just found out your wife is prego wit your second child, how do you feel?
How do you feel about someone with a fetish of getting their feet ran over multiple times by a car?
What was something you had in school that wouldn’t be allowed anymore?
Which is the toughest entrance exam in the world?
If aliens are listening to all human conversations, which phrase would cause them to intervene?
What are the unwritten rules of social interaction?
Redditors with important jobs, What happens when you call in sick?
What was the first time you got stitches like?
Those Redditor that actively participate in the comments section, why don't you vote on the post?
What did you get as a graduation gift?
What attraction at an amusement/theme park will you NEVER go on? Why?
What was the funniest moment with the special ed kid at your school?
What sub do you go to if you're looking for an argument?
Those of you that got married young (under 22), how did you decide it was time? How did it turn out?
What is your favorite phineas and ferb song?
/u/AutoModerator on BMW owners of Reddit, does your vehicle have turn signals?
Why are people on Reddit so damn sensitive?
What is something that you were able to do as a child, but wish that you could do now?
When standing normally, how do you place your arms?
To the doctors of reddit: What was the most heartbreaking diagnosis you had to tell a patient and how did you do it?
You discover that an evil witch cursed you when you were born. What suddenly makes sense now?
People of Reddit who's job involves going into people's houses while they're away, house cleaner, dog walker, etc. What's the wierdest thing you've encountered in a client's house?
How would the universe go about killing half of all humans if Thanos snapped in real life? Would it divide up ethnic groups or skin colors in to halves and then kill each half? Or would it divide everything in half leading to a different proportion of certain groups v other groups?
What is your favorite childhood show and why?
What's a weird fetish you have/know of?
If Beethoven was resurrected, would he be ashamed of today's music?
What are some hip hop genres you are into at the moment?
Flight attendants of Reddit, what was your most crazy experience of training/on the plane?
Ex/current students of reddit were you ever punished for something that you didn't do, just because the teacher held a personal vendetta against you?
/u/AutoModerator on Okay Google, __(insert your question) __?
What's the most memorable thing a complete stranger has said to you?
What was the last time your reddit inbox was absolutely ripped?
are male cats more loving than female cats?
Where do you stand on the beard or clean shaven debate?
Which food delivery service pays drivers the best? What are some things they don't tell you on the websites that potential drivers should know?
If you’ve seen the movie Vampires Kiss, what are your thoughts on it?
Who else is annoyed by the fact that if you want to disappear from reddit but when you delete your account your chat and messages still show up to people? Ugh!
You reach the end of your life and come across an end screen that says "Level 1 COMPLETE!". There is a replay button, a title screen button, and a Level 2 button. What do you do?
If you could have the vocal talents of any singer who would it be?
Country and political bias aside, how would you rank the top five leaders of their countries an effectiveness of job?
Guys of ARAD, do you shave down there? If so, why?
What's the best burn you've witnessed or given to a keyboard warrior?
What is the most unique thing about your pet?
What is one comment or post you deeply and extremely regret typing and posting?
People of reddit what's your favourite word?
Have you ever saw a UFO? What was your experience?
Where do you guys find out about all the cool new apps? =)
What is the TL;DR version of the story of the worst night of your life?
[serious] What does it feel like to not be depressed and be genuinely happy in life?
What is it really to be alive?
Was there a spike in births 9 months after the false missile alarm in Hawaii a while back?
If you had the choice to be the riches person in the world but you couldn’t have any connections with any of your family or friends would you take the money or keep family ?
Is Jumpsuit Kinetic a good name for a music artist?
Gay/Bi/Lesbian people, who or what made you realize you liked the same gender?
You are stuck on an elevator with the most annoying person you know. What do you do?
What was the first thing you bought with your first paycheck?
You discover that everyone within 30 metre (99 ft) distance from you has been able to hear your thoughts for the last 30 days. How fucked are you and what do you do?
What advice do you have for people going into high school?
What's an example of history being written by the winners?
Do you like to read Reddit to your partner before bed?
Therapists of Reddit, what's the weirdest thing a patient has done or said during a session?
How often do you dig in your butt crack?
Redditors in the workforce, how do you enjoy a vacation/time off when you know you have a bunch of things to do once you return and are already stressed about it?
What is the single strangest thing you’ve ever found on the internet?
in certain situations where i become anxious my leg or both legs start shaking or wobbling can anybody tell me what's going on or what condition it's called?
eople of reddit, how would you feel about a rule against reposting the same fucking question 71 times in a week?
What would you like to be your last words as you exit, gallantly, from this mortal coil?
[Serious] People of reddit, what do you think about the extradition bill that China is proposing for Hong Kong?
For those of you who like "weird" music (i mean like Death Grips and Passenger of Shit), what made-up name would you call your music taste?
[Serious] Parents of Reddit: What is the one thing you wish you could have done differently raising your kids?
What's one instance your body didn't read the signals your brain was sending?
Reddit, why don't Golden Retrievers and Labs ever win those dog shows on Television?
What was the most ridiculous conspiracy theory that turned out to be true?
What are some things you do that you think no one else does?
Chefs of Reddit what is your advice for a inspiring young chef?
What are some cheat codes you have find in the game of life?
[Serious] Moderators/Owners of subreddits, what is the most shocking thing that you have had to take down?
If a cat would have human theeth, would it bite harder or less hard?
What's the best/easiest way of becoming friends with kids of younger age?
Gamers of reddit what was your saddest gaming moment?
Survivors of school shootings what is your story if you are comfortable sharing?
What has been the most important invention in the past 100 years?
If you could legalize one thing,what would it be?
Now that adobe flash is gonna shut down, what were your best times with it?
What's are some good shows on hulu?
What is the best thing that happened to you during the past week?
What is your favourite subreddit to show to people who have never had reddit?
How come there is literally millions of people on the internet that I could talk to right now and yet I'm still lonely?
Would you fuck your mother in her asshole for 10 million dollars?
Past boy scouts of reddit, how did your first camp-out go and where was the camp-out?
What do you do when she says she needs space?
What random story do you want to tell because you never get the chance or it doesn't fit the question?
What was your dream, which once realized, became your living nightmare?
Adults of reddit, What you wish you did when you were young?
I’m thinking of becoming a stripper. Is it really that bad?
What do you think that person on Reddit who says some enlightening shit looks like? (Serious)
What is it with these ugly dudes with really attractive women? You would never see a good looking man with ugly chick. What's up with that?
Dear Exterminators of Reddit what's were your most horrific pest nightmares?
What popular opinion can't stand up to scrutiny?
What was the reason for your most intense physical fight?
If you could have any super power, would it be? Now, if you had to fight 100 other people who also have this power, can you survive?
Why do males and females (generally) have opposite color preference ?
To the tradies of reddit, what is the best revenge stories for not getting paid you have heard?
Why doesnt people upvote questions they respond to?
Who else got tattoos over here? And how many(iam at 25)??
What's a good list of reasons to hate someone (please give me all of your ideas, good or bad)?
[Serious] How to numb deep emotional pain?
Write an honest dating profile: Which highly desirable quality do you NOT possess?
What’s something that you are deathly afraid of that most people have absolute no issue with?
Why is it more socially acceptable to watch the tv for ages than looking at your phone for ages?
Redditors.. Why when the hate dont work, they start telling lies???
If your pet got out and went straight to its favorite place, where would you find it?
Imagine Aliens arrive on earth and want to destroy it, It's up to you to give them a reason to reconsider, What would you tell them ?
Whats the point of paying taxes if the government prints all the money they need anyways?
What’s the biggest amount of money you ever found?
Is r/Askreddit just gossip with extra steps ?
What would you like to be written on your tombstone?
I just wrote the start of the fictional history of the Second American Civil War which will probably go unnoticed, so I'll just link to it here. Enjoy.
What was your dearest/weirdest/most interesting item you've ever found in an antiquarium/old shop?
Upstairs neighbors of reddit, when did you first get into hammering things at all hours of the night?
When was the last time a basket ball hit your face?
Night owls and early risers, what is your horrific early morning scary story?
What movie or TV show title best describes the last dump you took?
What's the easiest least destructive way to get kicked out of a store?
Who does enema even you don’t expect to have anal sex?
What's something that seems good at first, but then turns out to be bad?
What is the experience you thought was going to be the worst but turned out being the best?
You can suddenly access the dev menu for real life. What's the first thing you do?
What was a thread or comment you recently regretted giving gold to?
What are some of the perks of using a time tracking tool at work?
You have rubbed the wholesome lamp, what do you wish for?
[Serious]Why have blue collar suburban parents become even more overprotective of their teens nowadays?
What's the longest you haven't left your house?
What popular anything were part of before it became trendy?
If you had $10,000 but you could spend it on one thing only, what would it be?
Who would you be if your given a chance to be a hero in one day?
Why should we all splurge on beans?
Who is the best character in the history of storytelling?
What is one hobby or interest you enjoy that you’d never let your friends know about?
What movie did you watch WAY too young?
What's the worst thing you have ever procrassanated over?
I was an emotional abuser in high school. I in no way want to minimize my actions and their damage. When I tell this to others, am I downplaying it by specifying it was when I was in high school?
What’s a good tldr for the Bible?
Perfectionists of Reddit, what are the most triggering things you see on a day to day basis?
What were the funniest dreams you ever had?
What are blind people attracted to in another person ?
What was your favorite pet growing up named ?
Without any other context, what's your favorite joke punchline?
What do you think about Bermuda Triangle?Is it really hiding a terrifying secret?
You now lead 2 lives. Both which you can always remember and both are opposite gendered people. 1 day you lead one persons life and another day the others and both are at the opposite side of the planet from each other. How do you cope?
Do homosexual females go to strip clubs?
For those who have lost parents or loved ones how did you find out?
Does anyone actually know where the “me and the boys” dank meme comes from?
If you were/are going to write a full-length album, what would your band name and first album be?
Friends of someone who did plastic surgery, how was that like for you?
Reddit, what are some of the more beautiful traditions from around the world?
Have you ever been so mad at your parents that you wanted to kill them? if so what happened that caused the problem
Whats the worst thing you've "found out the hard way"?
whenn i drink wt dom i hgetn jicccccccuppzVV?
Redditors that work in retail, what's the craziest thing you've ever seen a customer do?
Have you ever thought you had an ‘AHA’ moment, but you actually found out what you thought you discovered was actually common knowledge?
Do you have a weird talent? If so, how did you find it.
What's the weirdest thing you saw when looking for a flat/house?
Have you ever been punched for saying the N-Word?
Where to find someone to talk dirty with?
Ladies, if a guy finds you attractive in public, what is the best way they could approach you?
Cheaters of reddit - what are some telltale signs of infidelity in a relationship ?
Waiters / Restaurant employees of Reddit, what type of group ends up tipping the most?
Who’s a stronger force? Gordon Ramsay or Guy Fieri and why?
What is a free app that takes photos when the password is wrong?
People of Reddit, if you could redo one moment in your life what would it be and why?
Would you rather be smart or pretty and why?
Teachers of reddit what's the most legit and seemingly good excuse that a student made that actually turned out to be fake?
What are the weirdiest places you've been to at night?
If you got $100 but could only spend it on your pet, what would you spend it on?
What is your go to karaoke song?
Is not reporting that you're done with a task early at work unethical when you know they've budgeted to pay you the full day anyways?
My fellow retail workers, what is the most ridiculous story you have so far?
What was the most awkward/bizarre/or weird encounter you ever had with seeing a teacher outside of school?
I hate FB, twitch, Instagram . And all others like it? Why is reddit so different?
Not sure if this is allowed here, but I had a somewhat simple question for you lovely people of Reddit; What are your favorite / least favorite aspects and features of social media?
(serious) Former smokers of Reddit, how did you quit?
People who have worked at the KGB in the Soviet Union, how was it like working there?
What sub-field in the technology industry will have the next world altering discovery/breakthrough and what do you think it will be?
Alright question for any and all with an opinion on this. How do you feel about men expressing their emotions?
How can you truly tell if you like someone/have a crush on someone or if you're just being desperate?
Christians of Reddit, if you had one quantifiable metric that helps you stay faithful, what is it? In other words, how can you tell that your faith based ventures are getting you a high return on investment?
A gun is put to your head, and you hear someone say "I will pull the trigger, unless you utter a sentence that has never been said by any other person in history." What do you say to save your life?
What’s that memory that still makes you cringe when you remember it?
What's a really popular song that just sucks?
If you could watch any 2 characters fight, fictional or not, and from any universe you wish, who'd it be?
Hi, welcome to Dunkin’ Donuts! What would you like today?
How often does your breath stink and is it normal for your breath to stink after every meal?
What sex position is best for cumming and has best tightness around dick?
[serious] Can some hardware engineer explain us, why new apple monitor stand costs 1000 USD?
Why am I still on reddit when I went to bed 2hr ago?
Lonely people of Reddit "What do you miss most about begin in a relationship?"
What is to listen to music on the computer vs a concert - or to experience a war on the simulator vs to fight in one?
When does the whole is not greater than sum of its parts?
Do people still hitchhike in the US?
Do you think crabs look at humans and think we walk sideways?
What is a skill that you hope to eventually master?
What are some good things to consistently do to maintain a good romantic relationship?
What is the most clever scam you ever saw?
What did you think of the end of GOT?
How are notorious gangs such as the Bloods and Crips organized? Is there a national figurehead/leader or is it more of a boy scout situation?
Whats the wierdest thing that manage to rurn u on ?
Is their a certain distance where a black hole can’t suck matter in?
Why is the US dollar used as a monetary standard for most countries?
Does the government owe it to its citizens to provide roads, education and welfare? Where do we draw the line?
A big muscular guy slaps your gf on the butt. What do you do?
Which is the giver and which is the taker?
People who eat in the bathroom, why?
What was you "oh S***" moment while driving?
Where’s the least likely location for a horror movie to take place?
What is the name of this classical opera
What’s something people don’t worry about but really should?
Doctors of Reddit, what are your horror stories?
What do you just not understand the appeal of?
Fast food workers of Reddit, what’s the craziest customer you’ve had to deal with? What did they do?
Do you pull up your pants after you wiped?
What is a superpower that would be OP but no one thinks about?
When did an overseas trip to very wrong for you?
What is the most annoying everyday occurrence
what strange ways have you found to make cash?
Never seen a person drinks Fanta. Who drinks that and why they keep manufacturing?
People of reddit what is some you swear you saw but is so crazy you think no one will believe you?
What's the most ingenious and elaborate plan you've had that ended up going horribly wrong?
You are born as a muggle into a family of wizards. How would you assert your non-magical dominance?
If your pet was a human, what job would they have?
What is the most annoying thing about old people?
define a furry. But no right answers
What does your employer do to maintain the corporate culture and does it work?
10 year old niece kept telling me she saw the night sky flash white for a second a couple times.And she seemed dead serious.I didn't see anything. Is there a reason why the sky might flash white in Puerto Rico or do children just see things differently?
People who beat cows are criminalized for torturing it. Slaughtering them is ok. People who catch and release fish are fine even though they aren't consuming the meat. Why?
What’s the worst injury you’ve gotten from a sibling?
If you get a chance to kiss one celebrity whom will you choose?
If you were given the opportunity to be the first human to go into a black hole, would you do it?
Women of reddit, what are the best pickup lines?
I listen to a lot of rap/rnb and am looking for some new genres. Recommendations?
Who would you choose to host a rebooted Mr. Rogers Neighborhood?
You are ceo of Reddit for a day, what do you change and why?
What was the dumbest reason you got detention/suspended/expelled for at school?
Pizza Deliverers of Reddit: what is the strangest situation you have found yourself in, on the job?
What’s something that screams “I’m hiding something”
If you could make a field of any object or objects that would be weirdest to walk on what would it be and why?
What is something that you wish you had more of?
[Serious] LGBTQ+ Persons of Reddit, have you ever experienced emotional and/or physical abuse in your romantic relationships.
Reddit, why do you spend time on something you hate?
What fictional town/city would be great to live in?
share the story of your first kiss. How was it? what made it memorable?
What was your worst home alone experience?
Does anyone know how they assign house numbers? The rest of the house numbers on my street are the usual odd on one side, even on the other... Mostly in sequential order. Except when you get to my house at the end of the dead end road. My house is #130 &amp; my next door neighbor is #76... Wth?
What is your favourite compliment to receive?
How could you discoverer your hobbies or your interests if you don't have any?
If you had literally infinite power and could do anything you wanted, what would you do?
What quote out of context makes you laugh the hardest?
[Serious] Sex workers of reddit, what do your parents think about what you do?
Interviewers of Reddit, what is the most annoying thing interviewees have done or said
What is something fairly inexpensive that can improve your everyday life immensely?
Have you seen someone rebuild there life a day after it has been destroyed?
what is the easiest thing you did today?
I’m starting a small web development agency need some ideas about it’s name ?
If you were to change the Plot of any movie or TV show, what movie/show and what would you change about it?
People of reddit that don’t pee in the shower, what makes you not do it?
Would you tell the English that they may take your lives but they'll never take your freedom?
People of Reddit, what is the weirdest thing you have seen someone do in their sleep?
To the redditors who were either, once skinny and gained more muscle mass over the years, and those that were "fat" and lost a ton of weight; when you look at yourself in the mirror, do you still see the "old" you? And how to other's in you life see you, from how you "used" too look?
What's the most efficient way to peel an onion?
Is it possible to build a computer that would allow you to play Minecraft within minecraft?
When did you realize that your pet is an idiot?
Why is it so common to support smoking weed but not tobacco?
What is a good piece of software for scheduling employees time and forecasting the milestones of a project?[Serious]
When you call someone that you don’t know, what do you think they imagine you look like?
Hi reddit, what’s a good gaming pc out of the box?
What's been an unexpected perk in your life of being a decent human being?
In the past people were buried with the items they would need in the afterlife, what would you want buried with you so you could use it in the afterlife?
People of Reddit, if you had to eat one food for the rest of your life, what would it be and why?
What is your favourite fragrance? And why?
Police officers of Reddit, whats the funniest outcome to a crime/crime you've heard committed?
What do you think would be the main advantage of being in a relationship of your non-preffered sexual preference (i.e. straight&gt;gay, gay&gt;straight)?
What’s your favorite example of “work smarter, not harder”?
What is your neighbor actually up to?
One day your dog says out of the blue "Nobody will ever believe you." What is your next move?
Like, why can’t we get a share of the payment when our data is sold by companies?
What is the most badass thing you've heard/said to a teacher?
What cover songs are better than the original?
Can you take the CDL permit with a third party?
What’s the dumbest, or funniest, way you got in trouble at school?
Redditors who thought their plane was going to crash, what’s your story?
Women of reddit, what are things a guy can say to make a good first impression?
What's the most terrifing ghost experience you've ever had?
If you could only choose one, which would it be: Fuck Olly or Fuck Moash?
What was your OH SHIT moment as a kid?
People of often do lucid dreams, what's the first thing you tried to do ?
Women of Reddit, what is the most disgusting thing you've heard a man say to you?
What's the best post you've found sorting by controversial?
Why are high school cheerleaders so rude?
What current musician or band do you think will stand the test of time?
Are there any interesting stories on how you started listening to one of your favorite music artist(s)?
What is a small reason to be happy?
Planning a trip to NYC soon I have a few questions 1: Are pickpocketers real? 2: Best places to eat?
What's one thing that you think will absolutely happen by the end of 2019?
What’s invisible but you wish people could see?
People who are allergic to things. What's your exciting story of when you discovered your allergy?
What is one thing that you do while driving that you don't normally see other people doing?
Redditors who have friends, What do you do if you lose friends in the future?
What is your single greatest accomplishment in life?
What moment in your life made you change your way of living and was it for the better?
Which real life human or human movie character without superpowers would win the hunger games and why?
What does it mean if someone says you write like a lawyer?
What's something you're not ashamed of but wouldn't willingly admit
If you were on drunk history what story would you tell?
What skill would you like to master?
What creative solution do you use to an everyday problem?
Just moved into my new home. What's the weirdest thing you have found in your home left behind by previous occupiers?
Do you know any food or spice which is only for the rich but the average person will be able to enjoy it in the future, like: coffee, potato, salt etc...?
Customers of Reddit, What Was The Nastiest Restaurant Experience You've Ever Had?
X squared minus -2x squared -2x squared plus 4? What do I do next? I’m stuck
Paramedics of reddit. What's the most horrifying moment of your careers so far?
How do beach condos/resorts and municipalities deal with all the sand in the drainage systems?
What’s something that does more damage than anybody will ever realise?
Adopted Redditors, what’s your meeting your birth parents story?
What’s the dumbest thing you’ve gotten in trouble for
prank call disaster I don’t know what to do
Is there any men's deodorant out there that isn't from an aeresol can, like any hand pumped ones?
What do you think E3 should stand for?
What is something you have to learn the hard way?
What age are you and what age do you think is Old?
What act can make someone redeemable in your eyes?
What had you seen/heard that made you say "wait, how's that legal"?
What’s the most idiotic thing your parents have sead to you
Non Americans of reddit, what are some rumors you've heard about Americans, but don't know if they are true or not?
Upper class people who didn’t go to college, how did you make your earnings?
What is the most awkward situation that you have ever been in?
What’s the weirdest thing you’ve ever eaten?
What power would the lamest superhero have?
What are you most go too jokes to make your girlfriend/crush laugh? make them appropriate. please don't use foul language.
How did you get your most recent bruise?
Do you have an older sibling that is extremely overprotective to the point where it’s possessive and even abusive? What’s your story?
Are you satisfied with the ending of ‘Game of Thrones’?
If you could time travel back to the wild west and bring one item with you, what would it be?
What should i get my wife for her bday?
What is the best/ worst thing a teacher ever said/ did to you?
Hey anons, need advice on how to tell my Christian family that I am an Atheist. Unsure on how to go about this so any help is appreciated, thank you!
If all animal life on earth went extinct overnight what percentage of plant species would survive? Which species would do particularly well?
How do I trigger an irregular or missed heartbeat?
Baby sitters of reddit who’s the worst child you’ve ever babysat and why
Which two personality traits, combined, are a recipe for disaster?
Non Americans of Reddit, what is the craziest rumor you heard about America that turned out to be true?
How would you feel if your husband calls you his “little slut” in private?
When was the moment you felt bad for the child of an entitled parent?
Who is the most underrated person in history?
Have you ever seen someone snap/go crazy?
Redditors who had an IEP in school or were in special ed, what was your accommodations and why did you receive them?
What is the most awkward situation you have ever been in?
What was a moment when someone was doing something stupid but you didn't stop them because it was funny?
i need help for my school project
If a dog 'barks', a cat 'meows', and a duck 'quacks', then what does a human do?
What is the least stereotypical thing about you?
What is the worst thing you've heard about Muslims that turned out to be fake? What's your story?
If you could see the top 5 moments you ALMOST died, would you? Is there a moment you know would be on that list?
who is the one person you would ask for help "fiction" or "non-fiction" to be your wingman/wingwoman?
Which popular 70s or 80s TV show is worth binge watching?
What’s a site like reddit but doesn’t ban subs that they deem too offensive?
Which graphic novel deserves a movie/TV show the most?
Police Officers of Reddit, have you ever been called to investigate something paranormal and what were you called to investigate?
What are some “baby steps” for someone who is trying to get their life back on the right path?
What moment did you realize your SO was "The One"?
Who in your family are you ashamed to be related to?
What was your “I told you so!” moment?
Getting tired of listening to the same stuff over and over. Any good subreddits for discovering new music?
People who’ve become good friends with their worst enemy, what situation cause the two of you to be on good terms?
What's the best idea that actually came from a dream of yours?
If there was one upcoming event in the next 100 years that you would live for, and then die immediately after, what would it be?
How do you feel about there being blood and organs inside of you ?
What is a good but different name for hide and seek?
What is the biggest secret you are hiding from your parents?
What’s something your parents do that you tell yourself you’re not going to do when you “get that old”?
Reddit, what are your opinions on the upcoming monetization of karma? (Link in comments)
Who is worse a murderer or someone who pays someone to murder on their behalf...?
What are the best "first day at work" tips?
How would you compare living in a big city with mid size or smaller cities and village/small towns?
Fraternity/sorority members, did you go through a hazing ritual? If yes, what happened?
Why is being transexual a mental illness?
At what age do you expect to die?
What's one thing you really want to do before you die?
Bakers, if you could pass one one tip of piece of advice what would it be?
If you could go back and say one thing to your teenage self, what would it be?
What is a time you jumped to conclusions and it completely backfired?
What strange or amusing but true moments of United States history will definitely be written out of future textbooks?
What Operator should I buy in rainbow 6 siege ?
How prominent is anti semitism in the US
What was something you said or did to someone before immediately regretting it?
What is the best example you have on brands “stealing” data for marketing uses?
People of redditt what was the most stupidest thing that you ever saw in your life?
Which of your favorite youtubers, if any, got lost to playing fortnite instead of other games?
Dear Cashiers Of Reddit, Who Was The Rudest Customer You Ever Served?
How did you end up with your dog and what breed/mix do you have?
How long generally till you replace your toothbrush?
On a scale of Mass Murder to Petty theft, where would rape be classified on this?
How can investing your money help you save more?
Why does flu feel different while I'm resting than when I ignore I have it?
Redditors of Reddit, what is the weirdest thing you’ve seen while using reddit?
What are some good truth or dare questions?
What are the chances that in one year, two of my 25 classmates got cancer?
What is one of the most annoying songs you have ever had stuck in your head?
Looking for a pay-to-win-like, like fe "Hero Wars", just without the paytowin part...?
What is a show that you watched as a kid that you feel nostalgic about today?
What is the weirdest situation that you have cried to?
What are some questions you have for dutch people?
What’s the most ridiculous law you’ve seen enforced?
The very good nice hotel in Murcia is open remember?
What made you cry like a baby recently?
How did the weird kid from your high school end up in adulthood?
What's your prefered, niche, Youtube rabbit hole?
What's a good thing you do (talent) but you feel embarrassed when someone watches you doing it?
Ex pro athletes/gamers/players of Reddit, What are you doing now and how did you manage your reconversion?
What are some of your most wholesome experiences?
What’s the best dream you ever had?
What is one movie that the audience loved, but the critics hated?
What is, in your opinion, the worst thing that has ever happened to a human being?
Who here has reddit premium, and is it worth it?
Sports/super car owners of reddit, why did you buy it?
What was your "my life flashed before my eyes" moment?
What is the worst excuse people generally use when they lost an argument?
Former children of reddit: what did you somehow get away with as a child?
What are the main differences between British comedy and American Comedy and why do they occur?
If you can give up one of your body part to have the most attractive face on Earth, what would it be?
What was your best dungeons and dragons experience and why?
Without naming the song, translate modern rap and hip hop lyrics into ole-timey Shakespeare. What do you come up with?
Why does Reddit seem to have a high depression rate amongst its users, I see a lot of people casually mentioning how depressed they are?
People that can't reach the upvote button, how are you holding your phone?
Do you play music when you have sex? And if you do, what kind?
Which Pokemon would you have sex with?
What’s the weirdest thing you ever saw a teacher or professor of yours doing?
Have you lost karma for an opinion that was, not bad, just different?
Is it incest if a hermaphrodite impregnets themselves?
Is this safe (I'm petrified of fires)? http://i.imgur.com/hCRuutT.jpg
Hey kitchen crew/ cooks what is the worst thing you have seen done to a customers food intentional or not?
Are these good reasons to support president Trump?
If you played a main character in a movie or show, which movie/show would it be and why?
How much do you have in the bank?
Why was the creator of Sailor Moon so “woke” during a time of widespread trans/homophobia?
Parents of Reddit, how did you find out your child lost their virginity and what was your reaction?
Those offered a job after an interview, why did you turn down the job?
What is your favorite quote from Anchorman?
Couples of Reddit, what event or action really showed you that you were completely comfortable with your s.o.?
What was your “I’ve been friendzoned” moment of realization?
What's your most hated song by a band you love?
Do you have an irrational fear, and if so what is it?
Sex Workers of Reddit, what is the best/worst/most noteworthy experience you’ve had in your career? What do you wish people actually understood about SW?
ok redditors a bit of a deeper question....if you could undo 1 major choice in your life what would it be and why ...and would it have made your life better in your eyes?
I get a notification of a reply, but when I press it the reply isnt there. It isnt in my messages either. Is this a glitch? If not, how do people do this?
If thurples go live how many minks are needed to convey a job station?
What would be your first action, if Google hacked your partner's brain and you have no option other than to live with it?
What are some unfair truths about reality that doesn't get adressed because of the discouraging effect?
How did you decide what you wanted to do for the rest of your life?
What is something you wish you were taught early in life that now that you learned you want to teach everyone?
What are some student deals and perks most students don't know about?
What is the weirdest movie you have ever seen?
What is your favourite piece of music from a video game?
If you fell in love with your bestfriend, would you confess your feelings to him/her? Why?
If the person you last spoke to were to die unexpectedly, how would you feel about the last thing you've said to of about them?
What is your biggest stress right now that wouldn't normally bother you?
How can a person having their first date ever not appear like it’s their first?
Puerto Ricans 🇵🇷 or Dominicans 🇩🇴 and why?
What’s normal for a rich person to do that is unusual for a poor person to do?
How do you politely tell someone they need to shower more?
How did some of you people decide what career path you wanted to take?
Why do every Kpop singer look like they're 12?
What's your best travel story and why?
What obvious thing have you realized way too late in your life?
Ever had a conversation while in a police vehicle?
Reddit, how did it go down during one of those TV moments where you walked in a room when someone was talking shit about you?
When it comes to the secret santa's we all know Bill Gates is one. What other well know people do you think take part, and why?
Why do people say they won’t buy a front loading clothes washing machine again?
Why is your city/country the best for a stag do?
What do you hate, with all that you have?
[Serious] Sex workers on reddit: did you ever felt bad about a customer? What was his story?
What’s more at fault in a shooting, the person or the gun and why?
What is something that may seem mundane to someone else, but completely changed your life?
What books about leadership/management you'd recommend for a person who just got promoted and is managing a team for the first time?
who's a guy that is currently alive that no women would say no to?
What is the biggest difference between high school and college?
What is your favorite and least favorite breed of dog? Why?
Whats your best this is Patrick!!1 moment yet?
Women of Reddit, have you ever considered paying for sex?
Americans, what do you have planned for the 4th of July?
Users of reddit, Have you had any encounters with P@dos or Pervs, if you did, what happened?
What is a real life final boss battle?
Married people of Reddit, when did you realize that you had met the love of your life?
What is something illegal in your country that is completely legal elsewhere?
should one (16yo) tell ones parents about smoking weed ?
People of Reddit, what is your favorite regional restaurant and why?
What is the strangest thing you've done for cash?
What's a dream that you've had that was super scary/sad/happy, but sounds silly when you describe it?
Let's keep it simple shall we? What stories do you have of being embarrassed out of your mind at school?
How lucrative is putting your house up on places like Airbnb?
is it realy a good idea to tell the truth?
Hey reddit, why can’t i post memes to r/teenagers
What do you think is the best feeling in the world?
What is the dumbest game you played/invented as a kid?
What was your weirdest "what the fuck" moment?
Sugar Babies of reddit, what's it's like?
How do you accumulate karma and why?
Today I put a pizza in the oven but forgot to take the cardboard out from underneath it. How has life inconvenienced you today?
Question for non Americans, does your country have an equivalent to rednecks?
Do people become virgins again if they move to Virginia?
What's one song that you can tell is a bad song but you can't stop listening to no matter how hard you try?
Military and police of Reddit, what's the most terrible thing you've ever had to do for the right reasons?
[SERIOUS] What are some of the debate topics you did in school?
Which is better? Night Mode or Regular?
Why does the in between part of waking and sleeping feel so delicious?
You have the option to choose one movie to get transported into. Which movie would you choose to go into and why? (Btw if you die your dead forever)
What was the worst school you've been to?
[SERIOUS] What is the creepiest thing to happen to you while home alone?
[Serious] What's your story someone called you out for lying?
Do you have a kinda spoiled friend you like but he/she is also kinda annoying?
What question would you ask someone today, but never ask in the 1700s?
What is something that's a little pricey but worth splurging on?
Can 12V generators be jump started using your vehicle and jumper cables?
What is the most expensive thing you've bought and was it worth it?
What is the scariest thing to happen at your school
What has been the best ever squirted?
[SERIOUS] People who failed in college what was your plan after or what did you do after being shattered?
If you could have one celebrity to be your parent who would it be?
Is it bizarre to have so many Countries/ Nations electing their leaders at the same time?
What happens if you point a thermal camera at the sun?
What’s the worst airport experience you’ve ever had?
What is the dumbest rumour you’ve ever heard about yourself?
Hey reddit, what's you greyhound bus story?
What do I do about the safety feature failure of my microwave. I’m outside now. What are your thoughts?
If today is your cake day, I just want to wish you a Happy Cake day. I won’t have time to wish you individually. How many cake days have you had ?
Are you serious dude? What the actual fuck?
Train conductors of reddit, what’s the worst or grossest thing you’ve ever experienced on while working?
Which is a better pet, cats or dogs?
What is the biggest threat to human existence that no one is talking about?
What was a moment where you had to "check your privilege"?
What's an interesting fact you've learned today?
Employers of Reddit, whats your most memorable moment in hiring new people? Whats the worst of the worst you've seen?
Are you cooler than your parents were at your age?
What are some common misconceptions people have about your city that really annoy you?
Atheists and religious people of Reddit, what do you find most fascinating about what the other group believes?
If you were a pro wrestler, what would your schtick be?
Which subreddit would your best friend be most shocked that you're subscribed to (besides porn)?
What's your opinion about implementing a common language for each and every domesticated animals globally?
How would your life change right now if you were truly happy?
People who pay good money for premium seating at a concert, why do you stand up for the duration of the show? You could have saved money by buying general admission.
Why are there so many homeless living in tent cities in America if the economy is so good?
Why do cactuses sometimes shape like testicles?
If you were chosen to add one game piece to Monopoly, what would you pick?
Why can’t the government plant fruit trees everywhere for homeless people?
What are some 1ups in real life?
Why do people farm karma? Does it do anything?
What made you think that maybe AI won't be taking over humanity yet?
Cucks of reddit, what do you like about it?
Redditors, what is the oldest memory you can remember?
You become the founder of a new religion. What is it about and how do you serve?
If you have been to more than one country, which one was the best?
Which addiction (drugs and gambling excluded) do you suffer from?
Girls on reddit, what's your club story you would like to share ?
What is the expected response when thanking a veteran or uniformed military for their service?
Tell me what are your top 10 movies of all time?
What are your grim music festival stories?
Can good gag reflex be positive for long cough problems?
Is the phrase, "nice guys finish last" true to you and your experiences?
Virgins of reddit, what's the closest you've ever come to losing your virginity?
What is a weird addiction/fetish/habit that you have and how did you get attached to it?
If You Had To Run Away From Everyone Then Where Would You Hide Yourself?
Military Drill Instructors of Reddit, what are the differences of between generations of recruits when it comes to overall personality traits?
What are some great quotes from awful people?
Do you ever fully get over not liking your face?
Those who were kids during 9/11, how did it affect you?
What are your goto subreddits for quality memes?
What's the best insult you ever heard?
Why is a carrot more orange than an orange?
Democrats who favor Biden over any of the other candidates, why? (Not looking for speculation, only want to hear from actual Dems backing Biden)
What is your desktop wallpaper and why?
What is something you envy about the opposite sex?
Parents of Reddit who have had their children catch you having sex, what did you say you were doing / excuse?
What's the most effective thing to do to improve one's energy levels?
What are the strategies to build links to your ecommerce store?
What items do you include in the ultimate time traveler kit?
Others with ADHD: What jobs have you found in adult life that you can do well?
Why there are so many recycled questions in this sub?
Is it irrational to highly dislike swimming in lakes?
What is your go to hangover cure?
Were any ancient civilizations capable of launching things into space?
If you could bring a couple celebrities back from the dead, who would you choose and why?
Hey People of r/Askreddit, what do you imagine is the worst way to die?
What do you think will realistically happen in the 2020's?
How would you feel about a law that requires people over the age of 70 to pass a specialized driving test in order to keep driving?
What is the most attractive eye color for girls?
[serious] Reddit, what product or service is presented as a good deal but is actually a complete ripoff?
What catchy lyrics completely offend your sense of logic and/or reason?
Seriously what is the worst job you ever had?
[Serious] People who know or have known of a person who has suffered from marijuana-induced psychosis wtf happened?
What is a good side hustle to make extra income?
People of Reddit, what was that moment where something happened so perfectly, you felt like you where in a movie?
Dear Students What's the craziest thing you've done in class?
People who’ve witnessed a volcano eruption, what is your story?
what was your most embarrassing moment while in class?
What was your most embarrassing ‘I want to fucking die Rn..’ moment
If people from 2099 found this thread what is your question and prediction about their present?
Anime watchers of Reddit, what don't you enjoy about western TV? Western TV watchers, what don't you enjoy about anime?
Stewardesses, stewards and airline workers of reddit, what are some of your horror stories?
What language does people who are born deaf think in their minds?
Kids of Reddit. Whats your oh sh*t i f*cked up
What letter or number when you're writing it do you look at it and think to yourself "Fuck, that's a good looking _"?
People who use dating apps for actual dating, which do you recommend, and what are some red flags for profiles?
Dear Redditors what Books should I read?
How was your first "FUCK IT, I QUIT" experience?
Did you ever dream of something that came true later?
What is the biggest, most important Truth you have ever discovered?
People who almost died saving another person's life, what happend and who did you save?
What is something that people ask you, that you never know how to answer? How do you answer?
What is the most ignorant thing you have ever witnessed ?
What’s the most immoral thing you’ve heard a business do?
What happened that changed you into a superhero?
What's your excuse not to join GYM?
You just became POTUS. Whats the first thing you do?
What do you think that it would have been like to finger blast Betty white in her prime?
Is it possible to have negative karma?
What’s some popular advice that’s actually bull****?
What are things that characters on TV say or do that you’ve picked up on and use in your life?
If the last thing you ate was your only weapon in a zombie apocalypse, what would your weapon be?
When and how did you find reddit?
What is the best part of being a father?
What have you been dying to say?
Travellers of Reddit, what is your worst foreign experience?
Has anyone experienced the feeling where you lose focus and everything appears small and far away?
What kind of debauchery goes on at the adult stores on the sides of the interstate in the middle of nowhere across the US? Personal stories?
People of Reddit what were your 15 minutes of Fame?
Story time, what is a story you need to tell but have no one to tell it too?
Do migraines hurt the entire half of your head, or can it be focused on one part, say the top side, above ear, or above the eyebrow? Can the pain spread to the other side a little bit sometimes?
Former TSA agents, do you believe your work was an overall benefit to society?
Lawyer of reddit, what is the case that will always haunt you?
How did you break your addiction? (any)
Read Redditors, what you are doing or you did, that you know, wouldn't pay off?
How do you find your oranges as an apple?
What's The Most disturbing Thing you have Seen while camping?
[Serious] What were/are some great corporate lies that was considered as 'truth' for a long time?
What is the most you’ve spent on a video game and was it cosmetic or did it help your gameplay?
What made you quit your job (on the spot) without having another one lined up?
Redditors of Reddit, It has been my dream to appear on an r/askreddit video, how do I do it?
What was the trashiest thing you've seen a tourist do that got them arrested in your own country?
What’s a place you’ve gone that changed how you saw the world?
What are y'all really scared of becoming in the future?
Men of Reddit: what is the best pillow for your broad shoulders?
How can someone make your life better today?
What would happen if social norms flipped and academia traded places with sports?
Would you describe what you like about your significant other?
What was something you thought would be really important when you grew up?
Redditors who have been cheated on and stayed with their partner; what sold you on the belief that it was actually worthwhile to give them another chance?
For anyone who knew someone loved them before they confessed, How did you know? Did you wait for them to confess? Or did you talk to them about it?
Redditors who were Girl/Boy Scouts, what was your least favorite badge that you had to earn?
What’s the weirdest thing to happen on a first date?
Ladies, is it a turn off if a guy goes nuts over puppies the same way you would?
What are the weirdest books you've ever read?
Can you please download MistPlay on your phone
If your cum was flavored based on the state you're from, what would your cum taste like?
Gamers of Reddit, what is your favorite vehicle from any game?
What YouTube videos did you assume would be super cringey, but actually turned out to be hilarious?
[Serious] Why do people go back to their abusers, and how can you convince them not to?
anyone know of a torrent or free download of i've no more fu*** to give?
Bits of reddit (and girls, why not), was there for your as well a too early time when you discovered masturbation?
is night mode in electronic devices enough, or we need blue light glasses?
What was a time where everything was set up for success yet you still f’ed it up?
Everyone has heard what would you do if you were given a million dollars but a snail was chasing you and if it touches you, you die. But what if instead of a snail it is a gnat? (Remember the gnat can’t be killed and is extremely intelligent)
My first love was an Internet girlfriend 13 years ago, we’ve lost all contact, how do I find her again?
If you won the lottery and decided to leave the job in a funny way, how would it be?
What if alalaxaam flipping damn missed ffggds hhgfs hhgddd and then ghjhf?
What's the point of the eye chart you have to read at the optometrist office if you are farsighted? Do they have something else for farsighted people?
If classic Footballs (American) were made of pig skin, could you deep-fry one and have a Football shaped pork rind?
What do you regret least about college?
What is the Outside Worlds opinions on Canada, stereotypical or personal experience.
To someone who has spent time on the street, what are your pro tips for being homeless?
Parole officers around the world what are some of your interesting stories
What is the most shocking thing that somebody has ever said to you?
What was the biggest fuckup in human history?
Redditors, What if all "Gods" exist and its just a big joke who gets the more Likes?
When you receive a gift and look to see what country it's made in, what name do you most want to see there, and which country would you least like to see?
Everyone in the United States, of your gender and instantly, are replaced by an age appropriate clone of you. Older than you are spared. They only know what you did/do and are just like you in personality. What kind of country does it become?
What are 5 words describing your country without saying it?
What is the worst sitcom you have ever seen in your life?
What's the story your friend had to tell you because you were to drunk to remember?
What's the last thing you did before reading this post?
You are allowed to get revenge on a sworn enemy using an enclosed room and the animal of your choice. Which do you choose and why?
Redditors who've had braces, what should I expect?
What is the weirdest thing you’ve ever done for payment? Whether it was money, food, a secret etc,.
What was the most akward situation you got out of because of your pet?
What habits do you have from being super rich?
Have you ever been accused of anything?
What are your views on abortion? Should it be legal?
Brits who didn’t pass their Maths/English GCSE, how has it affected your life?
What is a good first wedding anniversary gift for my wife?
If every subreddit had a theme song, what would your favorite subs theme song be?
How do you buy a degree instead of going to college?
What’s the dumbest thing you heard someone say?
Anti-vaxxers of reddit, what was the time where you became pro?
What is the most boring sport to watch?
I'm 23, had braces for 12 years, did my best to take care of my teeth and I'm about to have my first tooth pulled, what should I expect?
You discover an oracle. She lets you ask any question, but the answer will always be the exact opposite to the truth. What do you ask?
Cops of Reddit, what was the most crazy investigation you ever had?
“Sort by New” -ers of Reddit, will you upvote this question and why?
What is one time you’ve hated someone, than you saw who they actually are, and understood them?
Lawyers of Reddit:Have you ever just been on the brink of crying as you watch your entire case just fall to bits?
What’s a normally positive trait that you can’t stand?
what's something you hate about the people in your country?
Looking back at your life, when is a time when you had a valid reason to use pepper spray but didn't have it?
Your country has legalized ancient romanesque gladiator games that take place every Sunday and admission is $15 per person. the gladiators are convicts who got life in prison, child molesters, and rapists. A coliseum has been built 100 miles away from your home. would you attend? If so, how often?
Have you ever fallen in love (mutually) with someone who was moving away very soon? What happened?
For the people who have cheated, why?
You have one night to sleep with any porn star of your choosing, who do you pick?
What’s something mediocre about being a guy?
What was your favorite all or nothing moment?
What is the most irritating thing that the general public gets totally wrong about your job?
What's the weirdest scam phonecall, email, or text message you've gotten?
People who write EULAs, how do you go about it, and why do you make them this way?
Movie fans, what were some of the best examples of special FXs used in movies before CGI took over?
What seems like a harmless wish but in actuality it is quite the opposite?
If you know of him, what's your opinion on Skepta?
Why do some U.S bills have writing on them?
How would you want the world to end?
Memers of Reddit what meme made you say "I want to start making memes"?
[Serious] Does there exist any faithful live action movie or show adaptations out there of the 12 Labours of Heracles or of Theseus' adventures?
What advice would you give your 17 year old self?
How will future historians probably operate and what will they most likey think about what they find?
What is your fav combo foods that people find disgusting?
Why would sharks attack a snorkeler? Link in comments to an article which describes how a 21 y/o woman was attacked and killed by sharks in the Bahamas. Opinions/facts welcome?
To anyone that knows anything about the law, are there any measures taken by governments to curb catcalling/eve teasing amd how effective have these measures been in your respective countries (welcome to any real life experiences about the legal aspects of all this) ?
Pokemon fans of Reddit, what is your favorite version that you completed and what is the team that beat its respective elite four?
What is your first sales product to a stranger?
What are some of the strangest facts about famous movies?
What seemed really hard at first but turned out to be really easy?
What happens if you illegally lived in Mexico?
What are some good websites to find opinion articles? Political or otherwise?
How did you get owned by a kid?
Meat eaters with vegetarian/vegan parents, what's it like?
whats the worst first impression you’ve gotten from someone?
People of Reddit , what would be the title of your sex tape?
Ameteur porn creators of reddit, what are some of your budgeting secrets?
The last thing you just thought of became a reality. What have you created?
Who thinks a freshly opened pack of cigarettes smells like raisins?
What's the best comeback you've ever had to an insult?
Why do eggs smell so bad when they’re boiled? My dad told me it’s because it comes from a chicken bum but I know that’s not true?
People of Reddit, If you were given 10 billion dollars to be part of an experiment or clinical trial that had an 80% survival rate, would you do it?
What is something that is neither appropriate to say in class or in bed ?
What do you want people to know about you?
Can a phone/tablet magnetic case damage other electronics?
What is the most embarassing moment of your life?
Hey reddit what was your biggest moment of physical relief? Not mental but physical relief.
What are thoughts that keep you up at night?
What’s a lyric from an old song whose message still applies to today’s world?
What are the strangest stories of your neighborhood?
Will you give us a link to a blast from our past?
Have you met any creepy/weird people? How did they get in contact with you?
If you could manifest your tattoo, what is it and what is its power?
Ok Reddit, What Are Some Great Would You Rather Scenarios?
People who played Terraria what was your memory like?
What cheap objects do you have that are worth more in sentimental value?
[Serious]Why are Americans obsessed with safety, cleanliness, and safe sex?
If the monsters in “Stranger Things” were real, what’s the most creative and effective way you can think of to kill them?
Anyone know where I can get the hat that Matthew Santoro is wearing in his video or anything similar? https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dTkKWxLSeFA
Redditors that live in Wallonia (french part of belgium), do they teach dutch in schools there?
What is it like to have a dick?
What would be the first question you’d ask a person dead or alive and which person would it be?
What would you say is the very best of Shel Silverstein?
What did your parents do that they think you forgot about, but never did?
When was the happiest you’ve seen your parents?
Who are some famous people whose voice doesn't match what they look like?
What’s a major event in history not normally taught in school?
What do you think would happen if all internet around the world stopped working for 7 days?
What did your SO call you that was supposed to sound sexy but was just offensive or gross?
Millennials, what’s the biggest difference you notice between your generation and Gen Z? Gen Z, what do you think is the biggest difference?
Redditors who drive below the speed limit even in perfect driving conditions, why?
What is something that one person single-handedly ruined for everyone else?
[SERIOUS] What is your "this got out of control" situation?
Ten years from now what, if anything, do you expect that you will you remember about what you did this week?
Who picks up after a blind person’s seeing eye dog?
Why do some people think the world would be a boring place without inconveniences and misunderstandings?
Is there an emotion that is stronger than the fear of death?
What celebrity death would be as shocking and upsetting as Robin Williams'?
Sex workers of Reddit, have you had any customers request non-sexual nights, and if so, how do that go?
What is one thing you dislike about yourself?
Starting new career in ad-sales, what do redditors with experience think? Help!
Girls of reddit, how common do you think sexual assault/molesting is, especially on underaged girl?
What do you think about doing crack/coke?
People who are supposedly out of the league of their SO, what made you pick them anyway?
Where can I get explicit photos developed?
Will the world ever run out of new music?
What social stigma does society need to get over?
In your opinion, who is the worst television character of all time and why?
People who purchased speakers from those dudes in a van driving around; Were they any good?
What do you feel like eating right now?
Im Niki is my Homemade porn good enough ?
How long is the longest you’ve held a grudge against someone before you became friends again?
Men of Reddit, how often do you low key find yourself subconsciously noticing how attractive another man is, and to what extent has said thought gone?
Reeders of reddit, how important do you think it is to read a book in its original language instead of the translated one?
The FBI knocks down your door and has a warrant for your arrest. What did you do?
why do young (or old) people get completely wasted when drinking? What’s the (YOUR) point of getting wasted on alcohol?
What's the most underrated instrument on your favorite album?
[Serious] How do you get rid of a weak-sounding and soft spoken voice?
Are some of my questions not good enough for you?
What is the best place to talk to the police on Reddit?
What stories did your parents tell you as a kid that you believed?
What technology or innovations do you think we will have in 20 years?
Pilots of reddit, what exactly is turbulence? How is it caused? How is it best avoided? When is it actually dangerous?
What new YouTuber are you obsessed with right now?
What's an esoteric fact that could change the world if it was common knowledge?
If you had to change one decision you made in the past, or a cluster of similar decisions, what would it be and why?
What is the worst reason for being dumped / breaking up with someone that you have ever experienced?
Religious students of Reddit, what is the most unreligious thing you have ever done?
Why do redditors say thank you when they get gold or silver?
What only made sense to you after you became an adult?
What is the scariest thing you've seen or heard when camping?
People on Reddit who have changed your names, what was it like? Did your friends have difficulty adjusting? Did you?
What is one thing that you could never bring yourself to tell your partner?
Non US citizen, do you have a problem with buying online and some stores doesn't accept you bank card as well as paypal (only us paypal) ?
What is something that you cannot explain to this day?
College graduates of Reddit, was it worth it going through college?
Why do some people feel that the grass is always greener when in a committed relationship?
Is there a subreddit for times when you want to kill yourself?
How's your High school bully doing now?
What is the difference between Upper-middle-class and Lower-middle-class?
If the mods here cared they wouldn’t let me slit my wrists. What makes you want to bleed out?
Coffee addicts of reddit, how do you describe your perfect cup of coffee?
I have several problems with acne, what can i do?
What is so widespread it's barely noticeable today but would blow the minds of 80s humanity
Have you ever been in a porn like situation, What happened next?
I'm a young Lions Club member and they want me to bring more young people into the organization. What should I do to encourage more youth to join this Civic organization?
It's 10:05 Eastern U.S time, what's up?
What was progressive for it’s time, but never received the credit?
Do people think in ways other than language and is it describable?
What is necessary but unnecessary at the same time?
What is the worse thing you've said to someone that you don't regret and never will?
At what age did you get your first console, and what console was it?
Have you ever saved someone or witnessed someone saving someone else’s life? What happened that caused the event?
What is your least favorite word, and why?
What would the real life equivalent to camping be?
What’s an unpopular opinion you hold strongly but could never say it publicly?
Redditors who have been on reality TV shows, how much 'reality' is there to it or is it mostly scripted for the views?
Redditors who have experienced sleep paralysis, when did you find out it *was* sleep paralysis?
What other show has its own "Scott's Tots"?
What are some absolutely wild religious beliefs that are surprisingly common?
You’re God and you can answer one prayer for the world, what would you choose and why?
[SERIOUS] Your standing in a line in a store and behind you there is a woman who looks like she has been beaten hard, bruises and scratches. Do you approach? Do you say something? Do you thing it's a cause of domestic violence?
What is something most people don’t know is illegal?
If there was one thing you wish you didn't have to do, what would that be?
What do you think is the next big step in the human evolution?
Woke up today to sleep paralisys with a wasp on my face. What was ur worst?
What is something you are looking forward to in the near future?
People of broward... y'all seeing this fire?
Do you think animals accidentally bite their tongues like we do?
Is folk rock considered country or vice versa? Or are they more mutually exclusive?
Who is the luckiest person you know?
You have to remove one thing from existence, while doubling the quantity of something else. What do you add and remove?
What’s a really fun, interactive thing that I can make and/or buy to place in my driveway for trick or treaters to compete for prizes like *KING SIZE* candy bars, making a really fun and wholesome situation overall for my neighborhood?
If you can revive any person for a week, who would it be?
When were your parents most disappointed with you?
People with no construction experience prior that have since done a lot of Home renovations DIY (knocking down walls, build decks, redo kitchen), how did you get started and how did you learn how to do it?
Whats the most bizarre thing you saw at someone else's house?
What will be your new nickname if you combine the color of your underwear and your favorite dish? And where could it be used?
How do you celebrate a successful poop?
What's something that needs to be repurposed?
Non-Canadians of Reddit, what is the craziest rumour you have heard about Canada that turned out to be true?
What's your holiday plan on fourth of July ?
What was the stupidest subscription you purchased?
Creatures of Reddit, what song would you like to be played on your funeral?
Which movie really left an emotional impact on you?
If you could remove any character from a show/movie, who would it be?
Getting over a breakup. Need help or advice.
What weird nicknames do you have for your pets?
gamers of reddit, what part of a video game do you dispise (story, character, prop, etc) that you wish would be changed or removed?
What detrimental proof is there that the moon landing was real?
Has anyone ever been on or been in the audience of a reality TV show? If so, how much of it is real?
[Serious] Hey Reddit, I don't feel like sleeping tonight, so tell me your creepiest encounter that still sends shivers thru your spine!
What unique thing do you find relieves stress for you?
What was your school/job too cheap to do?
Non Europeans of Reddit, what is the craziest rumor you heard about Europeans that turned out to be true?
I have just finished my college course and have 15 weeks off until I start university in September. What skills or experiences can I develop over the summer that will ensure I have a productive and memorable time?
If there are enough resources in the world to feed everyone, why are people still starving and suffering?
Kind people of Reddit, what would your one birthday wish be?
Whats the worst teacher you've ever had
How much time do you give Reddit before it’s no longer popular?
The next generation of human-bots are coming out. What needs to be patched in this latest update?
What do you think of when you're asked not to think about anything ?
What food you should try before you die?
Who are celebrity doppelgangers for other celebrities?
Women, what is the funniest thing a man has done to try and impress you?
What food do you like the least?
What’s the best thing you have ever done?
What is great life advice that you would never advise to yourself?
Mattress salesmen of reddit, do you believe the money laundering theories?
Why is having equality for Muslims in the west a bad idea?
[Seriuos] which jobs you had you doesn't put on your resume ?
Why is keeping your virginity looked down upon? [Serious]
Where do you draw the line between "being one's self" and "being difficult"?
What are some good ways to study?
What should be done about people who pretend to be disabled and are collecting disability but clearly aren’t?
If could have any one superpower, which would you choose and why?
What facts, statistics, or other trivia is it embarrassing to know? (Ex. what is the average penis size?")
How much do you exercise daily? Would you say that’s enough?
Redditors who live in popular tourist destinations, what is your life like?
What are y'alls thoughts on depictions of the zombie apocalypse in games, which is your favorite, and what do you think would be the most realistic version of what we think of as zombies?
[serious] What's the best way to study?
What is the worst thing you can say in a conversation?
What are the pros and cons of getting a kitten?
What methods have worked the best for those of you who have quit smoking cigarettes?
Can someone explain what you are supposed to do at Reddit?
What are you absolutely dreading this week?
What are some red flags that show a person is just using you in a relationship?
How do you tell someone you hate them without them knowing?
Why do some people feel like they deserve an explanation on why they were rejected without meeting?
Redditors who've never won an award, how's it feel to disappoint your parents?
US Govt spending is out of control. Raising taxes on everybody from the poor to the rich to corporations will not fix that. What programs would you cut from the budget, and why?
How would you address the nation's infrastructure issues?
What do you have that's opposite of a stereotype -- a great mother-in-law, an awesome boss, etc?
Many people have been saying that the right wing in America has lost all sense of decency and compassion, how do you respond to this?
What’s a good creepypasta-esque short film channel?
What made you suddenly lose interest in someone you were persuing?
Women and men of reddit, if you masturbate, do you beleive its wrong or embrace the fact that you do it?
What was the biggest gamble you took in life?
What was the moment you realized that your parents weren’t infallible, but were just normal people trying to make things work?
What subreddit has the most toxic community?
What question would you like to see answered before you die?
Unlabeled leaves for sale at inner city gas stations?
What fictional TV character best represents your sex life?
What commonly used expression or metaphor actually makes no sense when you think about it?
People with mental illnesses of reddit what is it like?
If a team wins their first world championship, are they now deemed the “best in the world”?
At you a butt or boobs guy and why?
You can read the text message history of two people in history, who do you pick?
In what places do you find it annoying when someone from the opposite sex tries to approach you or flirt with you?
Have you taken more than one gap year?
What do you think are some good steps to take towards living a healthier life?
what are the perks of being skinny/fat ?
People who have met their online friends, what made you instantly regret it?
Doctors of reddit, what’s the worst case of anti-vaxxer logic that you have encountered?
You have the ability to go back to any point in time and change a single thing from it. What would you change and why?
When did you say something as a joke but have it taken seriously?
Parents have your children told you that they saw a ghost or one of their toys/dolls come to life? Did you ignore it and later felt like you were being haunted?
Teachers of reddit, what is your fondest memory of a student or class?
Which subreddit talks about little things gf/wife does that make their s.o. feel loved?
Reddit, what do u think is better for a country, a king or a president. Why?
A bunch of oof is called ooves?
What would you do it you won 25 million dollars but they had to be spent on helping the world, what would you buy?
teachers of reddit, what is the most creative / smartest way you’ve seen students cheat?
When's the last time you felt really good about the good fortune of someone else?
Users of reddit, what is the most interesting or strange people you have seen in public places?
Woman of Reddit, have you ever had sex with your teacher/professor for better grades? How was it?
What makes you think happiness is achievable?
You can be in the 50th percentile of any humanly possible skill. What do you choose and why?
What's the worst lie you told somebody ?
What do you think of this footage? Especially the sonic boom at the end; how easily could it be faked? https://youtu.be/IErLfKoGxNM
What question are you tired of seeing on here?
Moms of Reddit, what’s the most you ever ate while pregnant?
Are we just Friends or is it more?
I hope this is the right place to post this. I’m looking to change careers to be with my boyfriend (we are planning on marriage) who is in the navy stationed in Bahrain. I think property management would give me the flexibility for the future I need. Does anyone have any experience in this?
What the weirdest dream you've ever had?
What's the thing that you still do?
What is your favorite bad voice acting in a video game?
What punishment have you endured that didn't fit the crime?
Why is it allowed to auto-ban accounts for posting or commenting in other subreddits?
(Serious) People born in "cult" like religions whst are your stories or scariest encounters?
My friend thinks instagram is the better platform for memes what should i tell him to prove him wrong cuz he wont try it and thinks that we steal memes from instagram. Despite me sending him memes i saw on reditt than later sending them on instagram.
How to you get over feeling embarrassed about your job?
People who’ve gotten a bad haircut, how did you deal with it when you had to go out in public?
What's the nicest thing you've done for someone?
People who stand on the ground, why?
Waiters of Reddit, what is the weirdest thing a customer has told you to do for them?
What's the worst case of NIMBYISM you've ever witnessed?
What’s the time you’ve been a complete asshole and regret it?
I work 24/7 and I dont know what music to listen to
What's something most people think is healthy, when in reality it's very unhealthy?
[Serious] Why does so much food get thrown out from restaurants rather than being given to the needy?
Extroverts on Reddit, have you ever met a socially awkward person? If so, what were their problems?
Do you shake your gatorade/powerade before drinking it? Does it actually do anything?
What’s your favorite, under-appreciated song from a popular artist?
Where (Online or Print) Can I Learn the Laws of both California &amp; Maryland, So as to be Prepared in Case a Police Officer Stops Me and Intimates Me? (Whether Driving or Walking)
What is life like in countries with 24 hours daylight?
What are some good video sharing iphone apps like Youtube or Dailymotion?
What is the last thing that made you laugh or smile?
Reddit, what video game has given you the most stress?
People of Reddit, have someone ever stolen from you on the street? If so, what happened?
People with diacritics (ä, ç, etc.) in their full name, is your name often mispronounced? If so, how do you feel about it?
When you’re at a dentist, the dentist stabs you with sharp tools and then you bleed. Then they say you’re bleeding because your lack of flossing. Why do they say this?
Who do you think won the debate tonight?
Teachers of Reddit, who was the best sly student you've ever had?
People of Reddit, what Is the funniest/weirdest encounter with the other sex you have experienced online?
if you could own one car from your birth year, which would it be?
Describe the most awkward presentation you’ve ever done in your life.
65+ year old redditors. What was dating like when you were in your twenties? How do you think it has evolved since then?
Adults of Reddit, what was something you thought was going to be cool? Until you grew up and experienced it?
Canadians, which places from the U.S. have you visited?
What do you fondly remember about High school?
which is worse/ more painful? : eating a mix of garlic&amp;onion , onion&amp;hot pepper ,or garlic&amp;hot pepper ((regular hot pepper)) ?
What are the good or bad stereotypes about the state you live in?
How old were you when you got your first partner, and how did it happen?
If you could be in one TV show, What would it be?
Why can you not see California without Marlon Brondo's eyes?
Do you think Reddit has lost its sense of humor?
What Yankee candle scent do you wish existed?
The last post you upvoted predicts your future. What is it?
If someone was able to cryogenically freeze themselves in a coffin type device and hide somewhere on earth for a year, and you manage to find them, you'd win a billion dollars. But if no one find them, they win the billion. Where would you search them?
Is there anything I can do as a Huawei user to avoid my phone being obsolete in a few months or losing all I have in it?
You are suddenly transported to a random year in the past, what is the worst year or period you can be transported to?
What really makes you want to puke?
WoW players of Reddit, What is the story of your first Main character in the game? If you could write a small biography of your character what would it be?
What's your favorite thing about your country?
What have you seen and thought, "What drug was this person on when they came up with this?"
For every downvote you get, your Karma doubles. What do you post or comment?
Redditors of Reddit, what is your “How are you alive?” moment?
Those who have dealt with depression or mental illness for a long time, how do you cope? Has it gotten easier? Did you think you'd make this far when you were young?
What great or classic movies have been ruined by sequels/new company ownership?
Which dipping sauce taste good enough to eat with out food?
Since today is the last day of school (at least here in Toronto), what interesting thing happened during your school year?
What's a job you're surprised still exists?
What was your most vivid or memorable dream?
Mentors of Reddit! If you could tell your charge one piece of advice or a statement before they exited your life, what would be the last piece of advice you would give them?
How many meters do you think you‘ve scrolled on reddit yet?
What’s song gives you the biggest shot of nostalgia?
Do we live in a democracy ?
You can add words to a movie title to improve it, what would it be?
What lie do you tell your kids to get them to do (or not to do) something?
What’s that one event that you’re parents always bring up during family reunions?
What’s a famous quote you think doesn’t apply in today’s time?
DBZ fans of Reddit: If Piccolo Jr. is a Namekian, but was born and raised on Earth, is he or is he not technically an alien?
You are given the opportunity to change the ending of one Disney movie any way you want. Which one do you choose and what happens?
People who have visited the UK, what's something we do that surprised you?
What would be a good slogan for the campaign of the democratic candidate against trump?
So Books, Movies, and TV shows get sequels all the time. What are some Songs that deserve a sequel, or maybe even a prequel?
Besides weapons, when do you think science has gone too far?
(Ex) Drug Users of Reddit, what was your weirdest/most regrettable high?
Men who like toxic women, what do you like about them?
Are you all rotating fan gang or still fan gang?
What’s the craziest rumour you heard about someone that turned out to be true?
Out of all your hobbies, which one is your favorite and which one do you hate sometimes?
What was the biggest pain you have ever felt?
Dear military personnel of Reddit, what was the funniest/weirdest thing you've seen on-base?
I made a new friend and he’s moving out of the country in 2 months but despite that we’re getting extremely close. At I making a mistake? Am I just setting myself up to get hurt?
What is the most iconic superhero theme of all time and why is it Superman?
If you had one food to eat for the rest of your life and no variations of the food (e.g different toppings on a pizza) what would that food be?
What we're the weird things your parents' does that you still find weird as an adult?
Experienced campers of reddit, how would you meal prep for a long-term trip?
What’s something you thought would be easy but turned out to be super challenging?
What is a common holiday destination that your country likes to visit?
The first object in your last comment kills you. How did you die?
Redditors: Why don’t you get rid of your default Reddit picture and replace it with a different picture?
People who one sweepstakes, how was it?
What’s the most malicious/immature thing an ex has done to you?
What’s your best advice for getting through a break up after your first serious relationship?
Previous flat earthers of reddit, what made you change your mind
Not even a few minutes ago I asked what the worst season of any tv show was. Now, I want THE BEST TV SHOW SEASONS EVER
Translators of the reddit! What's the weirdest thing you ever had to translate for somebody?
Fellow redheads, what is the weirdest interaction you’ve had with someone in regards to your hair colour?
[Serious] Redditors who used to be suicidal, what were the words you wanted to hear the most?
whose ur celebrity crush (or crushes) and why? and do u think ur celeb crush is a good representation of ur "type"? is it the kind of person ur usually attracted to?
What are some examples of skills that just 'click'?
People of Reddit, can we make this the most upvoted post in Reddits history?
Is the most popular wrestler still hulk hogan? Why?
People of reddit who get constant lucid dreams what is your most Messed up, creepy, or some bittersweet (or just sweet)dreams?
What is the most awkward interview you have ever had?
What's that great story you can share about one of your tattoos?
People who hate the President, why do you hate him? Do you actually have a reason to, or is it because you have Trump derangement syndrome?
High school seniors who have graduated this year, what do you think of your high school experience as a whole? What is something you are happy to have experienced? What is something you regret experiencing?
Who is the prettiest, handsome celebrities that married unattractive spouses?
What is the best aesthetic quote you've read?
How do you make sensible life choices?
What's your "I knew I shouldn't have listened to you" moment?
What’s a subreddit that you wish was more popular?
What is the most interesting thing you have seen on r/mildlyinteresting?
*Other than doing actual work* What are some things you do at your job to pass the time?
What is one thing that started out really badly for you, but ended up being really good in the long run?
What "black market" oporation did you run while you were in school?
What's something you've always wanted to do but never will?
You have the power to create one real life magic item, what is it and what does it do?
Hey Reddit, what mobile game are you currently playing?
Redditors who have been resuscitated, did you see anything during your NDE? If so, what?
What are good tips to get started on going to the gym consistently?
[Serious] What’s the most terrifying thing you can think of?
Ugly people of Reddit, would you give up Reddit for attractiveness?
Your great grandfather was stranded at sea and stumbled upon an uncharted island. Legally, you are now the highest ranking government official of said island. What is your first act as President?
What's that one song that you can't help but get hyped whenever you hear it?
What is the craziest breakup game someone tried to play with you post-breakup?
What’s one thing a family member did growing up that would always get on your nerves as soon as they began doing that thing?
What do you wish you were doing right now?
What simple task are you an absolute god with?
What interesting foods do you know about that aren't appreciated enough?
What we have is a Majority Tyranny. What can the American citizens do to stop this?
In NBA, can a rookie request a trade? And if so, what is stopping him from doing that if he is unhappy with the team that drafted him?
With the gun ban in Australia only taking away guns from those who dont intend to harm others, why does the government continue to deny its citizens the ability to defend themselves?
Redditors, what is an anchoring theme in your life
Gamers of reddit, what is the most annoying enemy you've ever encountered?
What current issue makes people stand up and do something about it after given some information about the issue?
[Serious] People who don't have a dad, who is your father figure/role model?
Servers of Reddit, have you ever intentionally ruined/tainted a customer's food or witnessed someone doing it?
Do you support Israël ? Why ?
What's the best song to listen to while having sex?
What scene/quote/monologue from a movie or show had a lasting impact on you?
What soundtrack really stuck to your mind for a long while?
What are some of your favorite video games?
What MCU Phase 4 film do you hope to see?
What bone have you broken and how did you do it?
Bane vs John Wick who would win?
People who were once giant cunts, what made you change? What was your "oh wow, I'm a cunt" moment?
Karens of Reddit, do you get teased for your name? And how much does the description of a “Karen” apply to you?
People who have friends aka no one, What is the weirdest reason a friend got mad at you?
What are some signs that she into you and how do you say your into her? (I have terrible social skills please help)
What are some hobbies you can pick up early on in life that will potentially make you good money in the future?
People who use Uber on a regular basis, what are your driver horror stories?
What are some healthy/entertaining/productive, non depressing, ways to distract yourself after a really bad break up?
Farmers of reddit what are some false stareotypes that you often hear
What completely unecessary task has become apart of your daily routine?
Without saying what it was, why did you do it?
What do you call the 4-wheeled contraption you put groceries in at the store?
What headlines would we be reading if the celebrities of old (Freddie Mercury, Marilyn Monroe, Shirley Temple, Frank Sinatra etc) had been around during the time of social media?
What’s something small you can start doing today to better yourself?
Camp counselors of Reddit, what do you like most about the job?
If you are boring on Reddit, what is you're go to website?
What's the one thing that makes you instantly attracted to someone?
People who have lived in multiple states/countries, what place has the "best" DMV? Which has the worst?
What is something you’re passionate about enough to argue about it?
Dear women of Reddit, what are the reasons that makes you want to suck a man's dick off?
You are the writer for the next standalone Star Wars film. However there is one catch, the film must star Jar-Jar Binks as the either the hero or villain. What happens in your movie?
What do you think is the penical of friendship?
Whats the opposite of shitting on something?
If you have a time machine in what time will you go?
If you could be an animal for a day what would it be and why?
How would you fix Youtube’s copyright problem?
What is the fundamental problem with society?
What are some of your sad gaming/online friend stories?
What is a song you wish you wrote?
people of askreddit, why do you keep posting the same lame questions about underrated historical figures??
How do I control myself around money?
What’s your “holy shit that was close” story?
What is something you do, that you realized rubbed off on you from your SO?
Dermotologists what are some stupid and small things we shouldn’t be doing?
What are the pros and cons of high heels?
Has anyone had experience with those super shady gas station boner pills?
What is the incentive to preorder software?
Redditors regularly sorting through new, have you ever considered that after all the travial questions you've answered by now, the internet probably knows you better than your spouse?
Redditors who work at an airport, what do you do and how good or otherwise is working at an airport?
Teachers of Reddit, what is the best loophole a student has found in one of your rules?
Redditors who went from never being happy for years to being happy most of the time, how does it feel and what did you do to get there?
Who wants to earn £10,000 every month?
Those who have suffered heartbreak, what new motivation did you find?
Every time I go to the beach my board shorts chafe my inner thighs. Never fails. Especially if they have a liner. Why is this?
Lucid Dreamers of Reddit, How did you train yourselves to do it? Any interesting dreams worth sharing?
If you could sell an inch of height at 125,000 per inch how many would you sell?
What was the reason you got blocked by someone on social media?
What's something you did growing up that you thought was normal, but then later in life realized people do completely differently?
Older people of Reddit, young folk try endlesslesly to be cool, but what actually makes someone "cool" once you hit middle age and beyond.
To people who have won a large prize: What was it and what was its impact on your life?
What aspect of adulthood did no one ever warn you about?
Has anyone here got the video of those people shouting “FUCK OUTTA HERE” at someone and one of the guys is wearing a purple durag?
What phrases or words were ruined for you by pop culture? I can no longer say “Jesus Christ” withour adding “that’s Jason Bourne” on the end.
What's the most disastrous date you've ever had and why was it so tragic?
Non-Americans of Reddit, is The United States as powerful to you as the American education system makes us Americans believe?
Literature has Shakespeare. Music has Bohemian Rhapsody. What would you say is "required reading" for gaming? Things to get you up to date on gaming culture and references.
What keeps you going all day long?
Teachers of reddit, what is the strangest, most flawed logic you have ever seen a student use in their assignment?
What blanket statement would offend the greatest number of subreddits?
How did Chinese intelligence agents, a la spies, embedded in America get paid before the internet?
Somethings up with my ear and I can’t sleep but music drowns out the “noise” of my ear. What songs can you go to sleep to
In hindsight, what's a moment that could've drastically changed your life: for better or for worse?
If you were to set the way you died as "default" how would you die?
what major life obstacle are you facing and how are you going to kick its ass?
What suggested serving size do you find the most offensive or ridiculous?
What is the most inappropriate thing you have ever heard someone say in a job interview?
reddit users what was your first video game console and what was your favorite feature or game on it?
Metalheads of Reddit explain your worst encounter with a poser!😂
What’s a positive sexual experience you had but never tell anyone about?
Americans of Reddit, what's something you've always wanted to ask a British person?
Who do you want to win in the upcoming Canadian election and why?
How will Homo Sapiens evolve differently then Homo Sapiens on Earth when we're living on planets like Mars and the Moon, and maybe evetually in the skies of Venus?
Call center workers of Reddit, what's the weirdest/most interesting thing you've overheard from customers who didn't know you could hear them while on hold?
[Serious] Teachers of Reddit who survived school shootings, what was the experience like?
What song would best sum up the last few months of your life?
If Michael Jackson was innocent, then what else would be true?
What's one thing missing in your life right now?
Guys how do you get over an ex, when you’ve been rejected by every other girl since
What is the best car insurance in NJ ?
Which generation's music do you like the most?
People of Reddit, what are some travel horror stories you can share?
Whats the most idiotic thing you ever saw on amazon?
What is a medical condition that you have? How does it affect you and what do you wish people knew about it?
Is the relationship between men and women getting better or declining lately? Why?
How do you directly tell someone DURING sex, that you want to stop and leave?
What is a song, or a snippet of a song, that gives you chills every time you hear it?
What kind of person would you never want to be?
People of Reddit, what is one song that you can identify with? Why?
What’s in your lunch-box? — (What do you usually eat for lunch? Bring or buy?)
Mario Cart and Super Smash Bros are amazing, but what are some other great video games to play with a party?
What has been you longest/best laugh to date?
All Redditors, Your Username is now how you die. How are dying?
(May not be the best place to ask, but..) What are some of your favorite creepy pastas and SPC Federation posts?
[Serious] What are your thoughts/opinion on Ayahuasca based on what you know if it?
What is the most expensive car in the world?
Will emo ever come back into fashion?
What profession do you think is full of douchebags?
What traumatic experience caused your irrational fear?
How do you convince a police officer that you didn’t kill a penguin?
What some thoughts that keep you awake at night?
If you could bring back one extreme punishment, what would it be and why?
Girls who had experiences with neckbeards what's your story?
[Serious] People who have been upstaged at their special event(wedding, baby shower etc) what happened and did it bother anyone else?
Teachers of Reddit, What's the most obscure way someone has been sent out of your classes?
When has the Idea of something mattered more than the reality of it?
I have been following a “self improvement program” and one of the things i should do is listen to podcasts every once in a while, suggestions?
What are you currently doing about your secret crush ?
What's the most disappointing concert you've ever been to?
People who have cheated on someone, was it worth it?
How do you think the world will end?
What supporting character who died in a film would have made a great subject of their own movie?
What are the current secession movements in the United States?
How would you deal with the truth when you know there's no way you can get your friends back into your life ?
What are the grossest shoes you've ever seen?
What is your best “how do they know that” moment?
Waiters / waitresses of reddit, what is the craziest thing you've seen somebody looking at on their phone when you went to deliver their food?
What are some of the pro's of being left handed?
What is the wildest secret in your life which you want to share with everyone anonymously ?
Why aren't there any epochal movies anymore like Fight Club or Matrix since the 90's/early 2000's?
What Song made you fall in love with a band?
Dear users of reddit, What is the post/comment that got you most upvotes/awards?
Redditors who have chosen to be homeless/nomadic. What is/was it like?
What’s a good indicator of humility in someone?
People of reddit, how would you feel about a rule against reposting the same fucking question 80 times in a week?
What's the most common question in this subreddit?
What makes you say “Ah shit, here we go again” ?
What is an illigal but moraly correct thing you have done?
You and 14 other friends are hiding from 5 fully armored infantry units, all armed with M16's. Whats your plan?
Given current rates of usage/consumption, how long do we have until the oil runs out?
Millennials of Reddit , what was common during your childhood and us completely different now?
Whats the line between being very confident vs being narcissistic?
When was your, "walk away from an explosion without looking back" moment?
What podcasts make you feel smarter and more informed about the world?
Which is the brand with the best quality/price ratio you know?
Suddenly, you're a bestselling author. What's your book about?
Where do you work, and what is your salary?
What's the best of "sorry , I'm not going " line you would say ?
Rock music lovers on Reddit: Which you favor: American rock or British rock? Why?
I was wondering if you could get raped by a shark but not from a tree
Can a straight man ejaculate to gay porn?
What was the stupidest job interview question you got?
What has gave you the biggest heart attack?
MLB World Series how are referees chosen?
If you were tasked with "fixing" a blockbuster horror movie to make it scarier, what are some improvements you would make?
How do I make that thing next to my username that says “Plays MineCraft Not FortNite” on comments and my profile? Thanks.
Redditors who have met an "online friend" in real life, how did it go?
What sub was ruined by becoming more popular?
You have to describe your life using 1 meme. Which would it be?
What's a story you have that belongs on multiple subreddits?
Police Officers of Reddit, have you ever been called to investigate something you were told was paranormal, and what were you called to investigate?
What's your career's version of Black Knight's "Just a Flesh Wound?"
I'm seeking advice. My boyfriend hardly spends time with me and he hardly pays attention to me. I'm thinking maybe he isn't into me and maybe he might be into someone else. I'm 27 and he is 21. Does anyone think maybe our age difference might be the issue?
Deaf people of reddit, what is something you want hearing people to know?
Teachers of Reddit, what is the worst student you’ve had from a alternative school?
What are the worst things to say after sex?
[SERIOUS] People who have been stalked, how did it get resolved? Did it affect you in the long run?
What are the most popular “unpopular” opinions?
Weebs of Reddit, what are your top 5 favorite animes
What was the shittiest thing you’ve unintentionally done?
What relatively new country/folk artist would you recommend for a Townes van Zandt minded European?
What life or career skills have you learned from free online resources (where)?
Anyone here like pissing in the sink? Why (not)?
If you could only use 1 app for the rest of your life, which would it be and why?
Who do you think would win in a head to head jeopardy matchup, James Holzhauer or Ken Jennings? Why?
I'm surpsied I made it, but I'm finally vaccinated!
People of Earth, what is one instance where you wanted to face palm someone out of existence?
What does “Kindness” mean to you? How do you think we can create a kinder society?
Does anyone know of a typing game known as “Keybo”?
Females of Reddit, what was the best pickup line someone has used on you?
What’s the reason that homosexual individuals are portrayed as far more sexually active than their straight peers in most media?
Which are the best community’s for memes?
Would you like this question and why?
People who have had, or someone close to them have had a 1-in-a-million thing happen to them, what was it?
Do regret that you born in wrong country?
Redditors of USA, wich is the cheapest state to purchase a vehicle?
Redditors that have been cheated on, how did you react?
When was the best time your brain stopped functioning for a moment?
Movie fans of Reddit, what is your favorite movie that everybody else seems to hate?
Students of Reddit, what's the story behind your teacher/school calling home? What are your unusual stories?
People of Reddit: What were the worst reactions when you asked someone out?
Is anything funnier or "better" about exploding testicIes, than a knife being rammed up a vaglna, in movies, video games or real life?
Everything on Amazon is now free. What goes into your basket first?
What is the weirdest way someone greets you?
Which movie do you wish was never made?
Do you drink tap water? If so, whyyyyyyyyyy? If not, why?
Police of Reddit, what are you afraid of most?
What is John Wick’s background to achieve such great fighting skills and perfect aim ?
What’s a tourist attraction you’ve been to that was way overhyped?
How weird is it to ask a coworker of the opposite sex if they want to come over your house and watch a movie with you if you're not that close to them but you're cool enough with them?
What are some of the best comedian jokes you've heard?
Where do you see yourself 5 years from now?
What is your favorite scene from a Star Wars movie?
What is a porn you can’t believe you got off to?
What is it like to have a photographic memory?
What was way more fun than you thought it would be?
Why are the largest liberal news networks manipulating the public and creating a racial emergency by reporting only white on black police shootings? Why do they skip over the black on black shootings, black on white shootings, and white on Latino shootings..etc?
What is something we can do everyday to help the planet?
Memers of Reddit, what format do you use for making memes? (I need something to make memes with and I don’t know what)
Women of Reddit, do you enjoy being chased by a guy?
What made your “crazy ex” the crazy ex?
Military men and women of reddit who also play video games, which games (if any) best represent what combat is really like?
The last character you thinked while masturbating will now try to rape you in a way you dont like, how screw up you are?
Members of Greek Life: what’s the most insane thing you had to do while pledging?
How does your moral compass react when you find yourself significantly attracted to your adult step sibling or adopted sibling?
What was the last thing you did that made you really happy?
What was your most regrettable purchase in a F2P app/any video game?
What is something you can do but most people can’t do?
To my American friends what is flag day and what do you do to celebrate ?
If the world in Minecraft is infinite, how does the minecraft sun revolve around it?
Non-native English speakers of Reddit, what English saying confused you the most?
Hey Redditors, what is the first thing you do when yuu get out of bed? Apart frkm breathing.
What is some new (cooler) names for already existing subreddits?
Where should one look for relevant data about cyber crimes, it's threats, vulnerabilities and prevention/cure/patch for a Research Based Project?
Hey Reddit, is it fair for a husband to put stuff in his wife's butt if she puts something in his?
what is something that many people do, but never talk about it?
If you could change something about America’s broken judicial system to ensure innocence is not confused with guilt, how would you go about it?
Do you believe self help books do anything? Or is just a placebo effect?
[Serious] what hobby are you ashamed of?
We just had our first child! Reddit, what do you wish you had known in the first few weeks of parenthood?
If heritable immunity caused smallpox to genocide native Americans, doesn't heritable immunity make vaccines pointless after the first generation
Reddit, have you ever prevented a disaster from occurring?
What’s the craziest true story you have?
Gamers of Reddit, what was your most favorite video game you ever played in your lifetime?
Why are flat earth, anti vax etc arguments very strong in USA?
What Is The Dumbest Thing You Have Done For Money?
Animators of reddit what do you use for it?
What have you seen recently that's given you hope for humanity?
Congratulations! You have been elected as the new leader of your current country! What is the first thing you'd like to change with your new position of power?
People of Reddit, how was your day?
Redditors! How have your tastes towards the opposite/same sex changed as you've aged? Did you used to like boobs over bums, and it's switched? Did you like clean shaved guys and now you like the rough look?
What is the dumbest most idiotic shit you have ever done in your life that you thought was a good idea?
How did you get introduced to reddit?
Despite being regular and disciplined, the amount of what I need to study gives me panic attacks. What should I do ?
Have you ever been in a situation where you realised you were the entitled person causing problems?
Why do loud people call out quiet people [serious] ?
Which early 2000s celebrity has fallen off the face of the earth?
To what extent is it normal for one boob to be sore during one's period?
Whay do you think will happen to all the unsuccessful cloud rappers with face tattoos and such?
New Graduates of Reddit, what is something you are still unsure about and at this point almost too embarrassed to ask?
What’s something to look out for while booking a vacation?
What incident made you go "Humanity has peaked" ?
What's the worst thing you have ever done ?
Pet owners of reddit, adopting a dog bothers two cats at home? I have 2 lovely cats. (Female &amp; Male). They are very close to each other like brother and sister. Sometimes even like a couple. I hope to adopt a puppy. Do you think it would bother them? I am not sure how they feel about it.
Would you let a guy bang you for $10,000.00 CASH? (Straight Men)
If you created a Superhero, what would his powers and name be?
What makes Peter Parker’s dance scene in Spider-Man 3 so memorable?
What is the best smut filled one liner you've said in class?
If you could tell a stranger ONE thing about you that would help them understand you better, what would it be?
Redditors who have visited the UK, what is the weirdest stereotype you found to be true?
What mistake did a doctor of yours has made that nearly cost you your life?
If you were going to make a giant Jack Black paper mache head to wear as a costume, which Jack Black would be the funniest?
What’s the coolest thing you or someone you know has found at a garage sale?
Parents of Reddit - what was the most useless baby product you bought that people said you HAD to have?
How would the world be if it were filled with people exactly like you?
What was the one instance in your life were you regretted not doing/joing in with something?
Is any one else enjoying the hell out of Corey Booker's faces during this debate?
Im a manger at a grocery store and my regional manager asked me to take over another department so I’ll be running two. He said he’d looking into my pay to see how much more he could give me but I feel like he forgot. What’s the best way to bring this up to him.
As a kid, what phrase did you think was cool before you realized what it meant?
What do you regret the most and why?
what song would you listen to till the end of time? also what song has been your favorite ever since?
For those of you who have left someone at the alter, why did you do it?
What are your first thoughts when you sit down on a warm toilet seat?
Does anyone think Woody will leave Bonnie and the gang in Toy Story 4?
What’s your personal favorite healthy snack, that doesn’t need to be prepared for half an hour?
If you had to argument your way out of something, how would you prove, with just words, that you are a good person (Or a bad person, you choose the scenario)?
Doctors of Reddit, what was the funniest Anesthesia reaction you witnessed?
what’s a song that’s perfectly normal that’d become terrifying if played during a horror movie?
What was the stupidest thing you said to your friends, but didn't realise what you said is stupid until a long time after?
What was the best comeback your heard from a kid?
[Not serious] Will you upvote this just because?
What is something you have always wanted to do, but it would be the last thing you ever do?
What are some sad songs that don't have anything to do with love or heartbreak that will help me prolong my depression?
I'm kinda new to Reddit where should I start if I want to find creepy real stuff?
Redditors who have attempted suicide and survived, what is your story?
Gamers of Reddit, what is currently your favorite fighting game?
What’s something that you can do/work on to become more attractive?
Why do some comments on askreddit get way more upvotes than the actual question?
If you could change your pet's name, what would you change it to? and why?
Which remake/cover was better than the original?
What is something that you can get away with as a child but not adult?
As a kid, what did you hate the most during school?
You were knocked down and after a while, you woke up and saw a kid pointing a toy knife in front of you and you heard him say "Any last words?". What will you do?
if you could acquire one skill and be a professional at it, what skill would it be and why?
What superpower would you like to have?
My Girlfriend (20f) is pregnant and I'm (17m) not ready to be a father. How do I proceed?
What is everyone's beef with Brie Larson?
How many times have you watched a certain film/tv show and why?
What poops are better than on-the-clock poops?
What president had the worst Cabinet of all time?
If you could ask a car salesman one thing about the job, what would it be and why?
People who have survived the back rooms, who’d you do it?
What do you think our first alien encounter will be like?
What if the most common thing you say at your job + Context
Travelers of Reddit; coming from America, whats the best route for an “Euro Trip?”
What is the modern day equivlent of a Sword and Shield?
What brings you the most happiness in your day?
What is a "stupid" Mistake that even the smartest make.
Women of Reddit, what are some obvious hints that you made to guys you were into that flew right over their heads?
What's a big problem that not many people know about or understand?
People who put the seat back on the plane and take up some of my very limited space, why?
If you could turn your "significant other" into any object you like and back again at any time, what would it be?
What’s the best way to deal with a tough breakup?
What did you do on 21/12/2012 when there was a world ending hype? Did you build some kind of shelter or you just said f*** it?
What do you call someone who isn't into sports?
What is the best experience you have had in a dream?
Redditors, which decade gave us the best music? Why was it the best?
What’s something you need to get off your chest?
What really pisses you off about Reddit?
Is dip meant to accent the flavor and texture of a chip, or are chips just dip delivery devices?
Do any other girls on here get post nut clarity?
Waiters,what was the most disgusting hing you have seen a customer do with their food?
What Do You Think Is A Financial Benefit For Anti-Vaxxers?
Hey👋 I'am kindly asking for support 👍 of my YOUTUBE Channel: https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCCIL2B-mvgX8VwyDHTbj_JQ Thanks a lot for everything! ❤️❤️❤️❤️ Can you help me?
[Serious] Americans of Reddit: How well would you fare if the US government collapsed?
What thing you seen/done/heard, but never told anyone because it could might sound like lie?
If you could live anywhere where would it be and why
/u/AutoModerator on Prospective international student in America.
Who is the most underrated person in history (pls answer seriously! :D)?
If you’ve watched the movie Kingsman 2 you know that every illegal Drug was poisoned, so if you were the president would you let all the people that take drugs die or would you save them and why?
Is rare to give birth to twins some years after giving birth to a single child?
What is something that you were the first to discover?
How would human society have developed if we had no control over pooping?
Redditors who work in the hospital, what is the most absurd experience you’ve ever had?
People of Reddit, what is a stereotype about your zodiac sign that you don’t fit at all?
How to cope up with suicide thoughts?
What animal combination do you wish existed?
What can I do to make a lasting impression on a friend who is going to leave in a few days?
Realtors of reddit, what is one of the weirdest requests you have gotten from a homebuyer
how many sexual partners have you had this year?
You are about to get into a fight. What song comes on as your soundtrack?
What its the most painless way to kill yourself?
What’s your least favorite thing about your favorite game?
Who is the greatest musician of all time?
What was the worst ripped-off brand of a product that you ever had?
When you tell someone "I'm sorry" what response are you generally expecting?
If E3 is so popular why isn’t there an E4 yet?
What is the most disturbing thing a child has ever said to you?
Are there any good games I can play with my younger cousins on xbox game pass?
Under what circumstances do you either accept, or reject a receipt?
What’s an obscure job that is very under/overpaid for what they do?
What is one thing you would like to change about reddit?
Under copyright information books have this written "This book is sold subject to the condition that it shall not by the way of trade or otherwise, be LENT, resold" So does that make lending books illegal?
What is the best thing that has ever happened to you in your life &amp; what is something you are really looking forward to?
What in the world do you want to erase completely and why?
What was the strangest dream you ever had?
What is the best way for a terribly forgetful person to have a meaningful impact on society?
People of reddit, if you could undo one wrong / mistake in your life, what would you choose to undo?
Is there any organism that could go extinct tonight and have zero effect?
Which is the best state, an American can recommend, to visit in USA, for a tourist?
What do you do to calm down when you're in the state of great anger?
Honest answers, what are girls thoughts about guys getting boners in classrooms?
Dogs of reddit, what do you think would be the worst thing about being a cat?
What was the best deal you've gotten at a flea market or thrift shop?
Japan, how does it taste to eat human?
Redditors, what're you are insanely good at?
What are the downsides of being immortal?
Tattoo artists of reddit, what was the weirdest thing you had to draw?
What are your best excuses for procrastinating ?
USA people who complain about multiple choice SATs, why?
Hell or Heaven: Where do you think you're going to go when you die?
What was the best part of your college experience?
[Serious]What is a sentence that sounds very 'smart' that is BS you just made up?
What's a really popular activity that you know you could never do? Why?
Do we actually build up a tolerance to spicy foods? Or does our brain get slowly trained to ignore the pain?
Who here has gone to jail or been arrested?
What’s the most embarrassing reason you had to go to the hospital?
What type of food do you refuse to eat? And why?
What kinds of patterns do people often fall into?
What makes people want to have kids?
If you had to choose somebody to be God, who would it be?
What's the easiest 100$ or so you ever made?
What is your city,town, village,etc famous for?
Straight people of reddit, IF you were th opposite sex , who would you go out with?
People who graduated with Latin honors, how did you make the most of your time during college?
What do you think is hurting animation the worst?
What's the most hilarious way you used to entertain yourself as a child when you were bored?
I pulled a muscle in my back, while at work. The manager says workers comp will pay for the hospital visit and the meds, but not for the 4 days of work I missed. She said it only covers salaried employees. I think this is wrong. Can anyone verify if I am entitled to my missed wages? Thanks!
Do you think that Jesus would have been a boob guy? Why or why not?
Dear reddit, what was your biggest "it's not worth it" moment?
You get a chance to make one reddit post anywhere on reddit, you must reach the front page in 24 hours for £100,000 Where do you post and what?
We all love our families. But do you actually LIKE them?
What is keeping you up right now if it is day for you, what are you doing?
What's the longest period of time you didn't think of The Game?
For people who had to leave a friend because of toxicity, what happened?
Which subreddit is the best to sort by most controversial of all time?
What's the worst advice you or someone you know has ever received?
I just took a tablet of ibuprofen with a few shots of vodka, should I be worried?
What is something that you wish everyone knew about you but will never quite understand it?
What song instantly puts you in a good mood?
During sex, was there ever a time where you were disappointed by your partner/other way around?
What may be understandable by seeing without listening, but nearly impossible to understand by only listening without seeing?
Sobers of Reddit, what's your story? When and how did you stop abusing the subtance(s)?
If you could be the opposite sex for a day what would u do?
Pharmacists of Reddit, how do you decipher the cryptic writing on prescriptions?
What's the most elaborate way you've smuggled drugs or alcohol into a festival?
What happens next if North Korea kidnaps President Trump should he step across the border and go into the foreboding building for "tea" with Kim jung un?
Attractive people of Reddit, in what ways have you seen yourselves benefit from your good looks that normal people don’t?
What groceries do you buy from Dollar Tree?
You tell your friend you have cervical cancer at 25 and that you might never have children. Then your friend tries to sell you supplements and some other snake oil. What do you think of this friend?
If you could change the sound of one thing, what would it be?
You are now king (or queen) of all Instagram influencers. What are five immediate changes you make under your rule?
Oh wow another thread for the men of reddit to wax poetic about all the ways they hate women.
Girls of Reddit,what's your first period story?
Reddit users who have (or had) a phobia: have you ever attempted to overcome it? What did you try? Did it work?
A moment when your anxiety actually helped make a situation better?
I found this written in a book "This book is sold subject to the condition that it shall not by the way of trade or otherwise, be LENT, resold" So does that make lending this book illegal?
Whats your “you cut my team in half so I outscored your whole team” moments?
Why don't we have walking vehicles like the AT-AT IRL?
Reddit users that live in Hands-Free law states, are you happy with the law? Why?
How come with 23 millions subscribers just here there is no post with 1 million Post Karma yet anywhere on Reddit and that current all time top is only 283K?
What was something you learned in elementary/middle school that has actually stuck with you to this day?
Other than testicles what would you keep in your ball sack?
What are your " Hold my beer, i'm gonna try something wicked." stories?
What are some good hobbies to take up?
What do you wish you could see for the first time again?
What is the most bizarre you own ?
Non Canadians of Reddit. What is the craziest rumour you heard about Canada that turned out to be true?
What was the most important lesson you took from each decade of your life (0-10, 11 - 20, 21-30, ...)?
What album or albums make up the soundtrack to your teen years?
If you could be any annimal in the world what would you be and why(excluding humans)?
How did you find your drive to life and work?
Women of reddit: What are your period horror stories?
(Serious) Witches of Reddit what is one thing you would like everyone to know about witches that you think most everyone doesn't know?
WHO WOULD BE THE WORST PERSON TO BE STUCK IN AN ELEVATOR WITH? HOW ABOUT THE BEST PERSON TO BE STUCK IN AN ELEVATOR WITH?
What is the best thing a Phineas and Ferb episode taught you?
What’s the best fake story you ever told someone to get out of something?
What are some good sites where people mock narcissists?
what happens when you scratch off a birthmark?
Parents of Reddit. What are some baby life hacks?
Employers and HR: how often do you come across fake degrees from prospective employees?
Who in your opinion is the best actor/actress ever?
What is the best career advice you got?
[Serious] What happened when you called out an Admin for abusing their power/being weird?
What embarrassing story do your parents still tell about you?
What are some real fucked up stories you guys have?
What mistakes have your parents done while raising you, That you'll never make with your own kids?
What's the scariest story you have that you still cannot explain to this day?
Redditors who left Minecraft but now returned, what happened?
What was the most craziest mail you got?
What's one necessary evil that you truly believe would make the world a better place?
Does anyone know of any overgrown brutalist buildings in the Midwest? Asking for a friend.
Today, Morgan Freeman turned 82 years old. What is your favorite Morgan Freeman movie?
We (Humanbeings) are Natural or Manmade !?
If you could take any characteristic from any celebrity, what would you take and from whom?
Reddit: How many reddit users are on your blocked list?
when going to the bathroom what is the best way to watch Youtube?
When was a time you felt like you were living in a horror film?
What health condition would you not wish on your worst enemy?
D&amp;D players, what was your first character?
Redditors without any/many friends what do you do all day?
When was a time you actually had food poisoning from eating sushi?
I’m someone who has never had a ghostly encounter or seen anything ‘haunted’. Has anyone here had any experiences/encounters with ghosts/spirits and if so, what?
Who is the coolest person you have ever met?
What expensive movie was not worth a single dime on?
Dog owners of Reddit: what information do you wish you knew before adopting for the first time?
If you had a million dollars that you HAD to give away, freely, where would it go?
Humblebrag. What is a good deed you’ve done recently?
What do you consider hot/sexy. But weird and strange to other people.
What’s a fantasy/position you wouldn’t do sober but would definitely try if you were fucked up?
What is something that you can only share on a throwaway?
What books that have come out in the last 5 years are worth reading?
What would you sell your soul for?
Is a hotdog a sandwich? Why or why not?
What’s the best freakout you’ve ever seen in public?
What was your last, personal, big achievement in life?
After watching E3, what game are you most excited for?
Past or present, what do you envy about a certain culture?
You get one wish but its a monkey paw wish what is your wish?
What weird achievement do you have in your life?
how do you stay productive? what do you do to accomplish as many task as you can in a day?
Limo or party bus drivers, what are some of the craziest things you have seen or heard on the job?
How normal is it for your piano teacher growing up to not teach you about chords and how they can be used to form progressions or their relation to melodies/ scales? Why does that kind of information useful for writing music seem to be taught moreso to guitar students than piano?
What's the dumbest thing you've seen someone do in public?
What was the most awkward situation you’ve ever witnessed or been part of?
What are the “Breaking Bad” scenarios of other professions? Can you name the illegal counterparts of otherwise mundane career paths?
People who don't vaccinate your kids, why?
What is a situation where quantity is better than quality?
What is the worst thing you have done to anyone and what made you do it?
will a person get herpies if they rub peanut butter on their pussy and have their dog eat them out while their brother jerks of silently in a corner?
How and why did Michael Jackson go from being black to white?
What advice would you give to yourself when you were in high school?
What's the dumbest reason you've seen a toddler cry for?
What joke would you tell if you wanted to get the largest percentage of americans to laugh?
Wedding planners/photographers of reddit what are some of your best/worst stories?
(Serious) what was your “I was a kid so no one believed me” story?
Why is this subreddit focused on pop culture related questions?
Redditors, Why do people put their personal snapchats, instagrams, etc on all social media platforms (ie Twitch, Facebook, Snapchat, IG, TikTok, etc) and then get mad or question someone why or how someone added them? (Asking for an irritated friend).
What is the most common misconception about something about you? (Your religion, ethnicity etc.)
Best hotel with good peeping views of other hotel windows?
What are the instances where Reddit changed people's lives for better?
Why planes don’t have parachute? The plane itself
Who got the biggest round of applause/standing ovation you ever saw?
What’s the weirdest food combo you can’t get enough of?
So what’s the point of horse farms?
What's the best deal you've ever gotten on something expensive?
Why is it easier to convince people you're not a virgin when you're decent looking when in fact you're actually a virgin?
Why are there so many Florida men in this world? Is the world turning into Florida?
What was the most outrageous/horrible experience you've had at a restaurant?
What is ur worst day ever but at the same time ur greatest day ever?
How do you pass time at a dead job?
How can you cope with big dicks in your vagina?
Pokemon players of reddit, what was the worst shiny fail/wrong shiny you have had?
If you woke up tomorrow and everyone was gone, what is the first thing you’d do?
What is the weirdest flex you ever saw?
What movie villain is more of a hero than the actual “hero”
What were you watching when you had your hardest post-masturbation cringe?
If you wake up in the future how would you prove to someone you are from the past?
What film adaptation is better than the source material?
What is the most useless skill you have?
If your life was a movie what genre would it be?
If you turned into the opposite gender, would you be straight or gay?
Retail workers of reddit who was the craziest customer you've even had?
Have you ever set up your own subreddit? How do you do it, and was it fun or just lots of work to maintain?
What is your best/worse (or both) insult to injury story?
Hey reddit, what do you think is the most said word in the world?
What are your thoughts about slavery reparations?
If your life were in fact a video game, what would you want to say to the person controlling you right now?
Why music bands have way better songs than what they are known for?
What movie/video game did you wish had a sequel, but doesn’t?
What’s the polite way tell their s/o they need to take exercise seriously or else I don’t wanna be with them when they’re out of shape?
Why is heightism still an accepted form of discrimination?
To people who don’t use blinkers. What to you gain?
What is something someone in your family did to help make history or better our world today?
What screams that someone has a small penis?
You go to sleep and in your dreams discover that life is an MMORPG where sleeping is logging out and you can have many lives as you can have many accounts in a game. In every new life you only get to choose birthdate and birthplace. Would you create more lives? How would those be?
Suddenly you wake up and every floor is bouncy like a trampoline. How does this affect your every day life?
Who else has catra as a waifu
What are you convinced can never be bad?
What’s the most scarring thing that’s happened to you so far in life?
Customs agents of Reddit, what are some of the weirdest or most astonishing things you ever found in cargo?
People who have paid for telephone sex on the tv. Why?
What skill would you recommend to learn to 18 year old?
What’s a job you have that most people don’t know exist?
People who were stranded after a plane crash without signal. How did you get back?
There are only five senses that I've noticed. What other senses can you imagine might be viable, and how might they work?
If you had to pick one place/thing to eat right now, what would it be?
Is this a place where I can ask anything about any subject, or just "Police officers of Reddit..." questions?
Teachers of Reddit ,what is the funniest thing that happened in class?
What's something everyone seems to like but you don't?
How would you feel about being asked a question that's constantly reposted on here on a weekly basis?
What would happen if you would be in Jerusalem dressed up as a crusader?
What would some MS DOS game achievements be?
Looking back on your life, is there a year that brings either good or bad memories that forever haunt that year?
What are some good tips for getting better at small talk/ holding convocations?
What would you use the infinity stones for and why?
People of Reddit who have had to walk away from a relationship while still in love with that person; how did you ever get over them?
Everyone always complains about it, so whats the alternative to “Thank you for the [award] kind stranger” (besides saying nothing)
Insecure women of Reddit, how do you deal with having an SO that's smaller than you?
With all the billionaires pledging money to fight climate change, aren't we just subsidizing the companies that abuse the environment for profit?
You have ten seconds to absolutely nail your job interview. How do you do it?
What's the most redneck thing you've ever seen?
Donald Trump, Mother Teresa and R. Kelly walk into a bar. "What will you have?" asks the bartender? What do they say?
What do you wish people would be more appreciative of?
What feature(s) do/does Reddit really, really need to introduce/improve/drop?
What is a subreddit that you think really went downhill, and what do you think caused it to suck?
What was the DUMBEST thing a Teacher of yours ever said in class?
Have you ever had a black out experience not related to alcohol where you did not pass out?
Dads of Reddit, what's something you want for father's day but probably won't ever get?
What thing regarding your future (50 years from now) do you grieve about because the climate catastrophe will ruin it?
Years ago you were secretly creating hundreds of sleeper agents for your government. For a laugh, you changed some of the agents designated missions and gave them weird trigger words. What awakens a agent, and what is their new mission?
Redditors who have a job where death is an occupational hazard, how do you deal with that?
What was the most crazy thing that happen in your freshman year
What is the achilles heel of all ruthless people?
What's the best way to clarify that you're not the gender that online friends think you're?
What was the worst nightmare you have had in your life?
umm weird question about dogs.....do they bite and lick us cause they want the tasty bones inside of us?
What do you love most about your SO?
What’s the weirdest encounter you’ve had in a public restroom?
Redditors, what is your opinion of countless platforms stealing content off of reddit
Morning persons of Reddit, what makes the morning so good for you? Or why do you like the other times of the day less?
How can I help my dog be happy?
What items significantly worth more than a dollar have you bought from a dollar store?
What (selfless) move did you do for a friend,that reliefed him but did the Opposide effect to you, bothering you/you and your friend,that it ended up destroying the friendship and you/him/her cutting ties?
What is something that has helped you through school and motivated you?
Change seems to be a cosmic discharge- Any moments in your life where an uninvited change led to something positive?
What the craziest paranormal experience you’ve ever had?
What’s the dumbest thing you’ve heard a teacher say?
How does one go about having a three way, with 2 guys and one girl, all horribly inexperienced?
Who is your favourite sports person right now?
I know that nobody really knows the answer to this one but would it be possible to replicate human conscious using redstone in Minecraft assuming you had a large enough map and a fast computer?
People who left their flash on while taking pictures of hot ppl, how did it went?
what do i do when someone who wont accept no, or a "nice guy" asks me out?
What's something very small that you do and you find strange, but others never recognize?
You have the opportunity to go back in time, but only once. When would you go and why?
Pepole that live far inland, have you ever visited the coast or been to the ocean before?
What are some wholesome as f*ck facts?
People without a father: what's today like for you?
How did you get into adult acting? Help??
[Serious] Information security professionals of Reddit, what skills would you say are most likely to land a new graduate a job?
Why would someone still do hard drugs like cocaine, ecstasy, molly, LSD and mushrooms in their late 30s?
If you could go back in time and change only one event from past , what would you do?
Just finished junior year or 11th grade of highschool. The pressure of college application and moving away from the life and people that have been here all at all times is immense and only a year away. Is there any thing that can be done or thought about to make is seem less stressful?
i5 8300h cpu and gtx 2060 is the CPU good enough??
Are there any conceivable benefits of dehydration and starvation respectively?
What's the worst song you fucked to?
What is the worst argument between two people/redditors you’ve witnessed/read online?
Lucid dreamers of reddit, what is the one dream that you remember vividly ?
What is 1 topic you wished you knew more about?
What’s something annoying you do that people think you don’t acknowledge, but you do?
What do you think happened to Tank Man?(Serious)
What game are you most excited for in 2019/2020?
Should white people be able to say the 'n-word' if they end it with 'a' not 'er'?
What is the stupidest thing you or someone you know did?
What is the most emotion-evoking piece of acting you’ve ever seen?
What modern day invention would cause an uproar when sent to the past?
Which Internet boyfriend do you choose: Keanu Reeves or Ryan Reynolds? And why?
What are some free mobile games that deserve a shout-out?
Have you ever explored haunted location in your area? What happened?
How do I get the reddit mobile app to stop automatically upvoting my own posts?
What diseases can humans get from dogs?
Females of Reddit, should you and if so how do you politely tell a woman that her clothes are exposing her more than what looks intended?
What’s the best way to meet new people if you have anxiety?
What’s the worst/weirdest thing that’s happened at a funeral you’ve been at?
What Apps/Gamee do you use to unwind/relax?
If your pet was like a pokemon and had different abilities what would they be?
People who almost or thought about being a school shooter, what happened in your life that made you think about it and what made you not go through it? (Serious)
How do you view the USA women's soccer team goals celebrations vs Thailand and how they are portrayed on social media?
Dear Reddit users what was the highlight of your day?
( My deck is pretty trash) Does anyone want to play yugioh duel links with me?
Prospective international student in America here.Would like to see some tips and tricks on how to survive America101.Would be glad to hear from both Local and International students.Thanks!
Why do people drink decaf? Why not just drink something else?
What is the most passive aggressive gift you’ve received / given?
Do animals have a different blood type like humans?
[Serious] Pilots and passengers who had to fly in the immediate days following 9/11 what was it like?
Ladies of Reddit why do you like hoodies so much?
What was the worst recommendation you've ever been given?
What’s one thing many people would do that you would never do?
Why are southern (maybe just country?) men so hard to employ?
What cute nicknames do you call your pets
[Serious] What are some mental conditions that people may not realize they have? (Ex: Aphantasia, inability to visualize)
What is the best drinking game you've invented or played with your friends?
Skydivers of reddit, is there a difference between actual free falling and free falling in your dreams?
What do you think, Is this a good decision to release Avengers Endgame again?
I don’t really know if there are a lot of people who fish out in these parts but, the ones that do fish. What fish do you catch but hate catching?
How active is the KGB still? [serious]
Former high school students of Reddit, what’s the person who was voted “most likely to succeed” doing now?
What little lie did you tell as a kid that spiralled out of control and became huge?
This question comes is because i just watched Black Mirror. Scenario: A person rapes and mutilates the body of a child. They are convicted for it and instead of death, their memory is erased and they are tortured afterwards. Do you side with the killer or the government?
What is it about some guys that make them "chick magnets" ?
What are items/things/ideas people need when they first move out on their own?
[Serious] Have you dropped out of college, or a higher-education degree like a PhD? Why?
Historians of Reddit, what is the biggest plot twist in history?
Redditors, what is the most disturbing thing you’ve heard while serving Jury Duty.
Guys, where do you buy your socks and boxers?
Which fictional character reminds you most of yourself and why?
What’s the most interesting thing you’ve read or seen this week?
u/usrnimhome explains indoor shoe norms in America
What are "must do"s before turning 20?
People who watch WWE, why do you watch it if you know it’s fake? How are you still entertained by it?
Looking back at your past, what's something you've changed about yourself for the better?
For all you Redditors out there who have been in a major Civil Disturbance or Riot, what was it like?
When was a time you knew more on a subject than a "professional"?
Is it too weird to date a girl who you met when she knocked down you with her car?why?
What is one movie/series/book/activity etc that you would pick to go back in time and experience again for the first time?
How many people at your work place do you think are on their "last strike" and why?
Generations of Reddit, what is a new slang from the younger generation that makes you go "what the what is that"?
What is the maddest you have ever became at an inanimate object, and why?
What is your I can't believe this is happening to me story?
What is the best comeback you've used and how did it play out?
Who is the most underrated person in history?
(serious) how can a recent university grad get a job with their degree without experience?
Flight attendants of Reddit. What is your most cringe worthy, oh my God I can’t believe that just happened, well that makes me sad for humanity, moment?
What is something simple that a stranger like me could do for you right now?
Redditors who have lost a loved one, what is an experience you had afterward that made you feel like they were looking down on you?
What is something that is commonly seen as good/pleasing to the eye that you find ugly?
How is your relationship with your family?
(Funny answers only) What's the rarest thing in the world?
Ladies and gents, what was your most Hail Mary/“desperate” thirsty attempt to get laid that you were surprised actually worked?
What is something that in one situation is considered normal, but in another, is weird or horrific?
What golden rule has bettered your life or made you a better person?
How would you describe what is life as sarcastically as possible?
Users of reddit, what’s a weird but interesting fact you learned today?
dogos of reddit whos a good boi?
Pet Owners of Reddit, what words did you have to replace with a "code" word(s) because your pet learned what that work meant? What did you change it to?
Pet owners of reddit, what is the most memorable thing your pet did that made you emotional?
Redditors who never had any classes outside of school as a child/teen how do you feel about it now?
Those of you who disliked a video with a 99% like ratio. Why did you dislike it?
Parents of Reddit, what made you question your kids thinking abilities?
What is the most shocking thing that you have ever witnessed first hand?
What kind of a person you are, be honest...
What reason made you use the opposite sex bathroom/change room?
Which celebrities do you think have undiagnosed autism?
People of Reddit who have never experienced a lucid dream before, what are your plans for when you do?
What 'first world problem' do you have that is actually really detrimental?
What old school things do you love more then modern things?
What is the longest, most convoluted train of thought that you've ever had?
Not being homophobic, but why does almost every single character in a movie/show have to be part of the LGBTQ+ community?
Non-fat people of Reddit: what are your eating habits and do you purposely make food decisions to avoid being fat?
What is your favourite place to hang out and why?
What does a person who doesn't want to live, live for?
How common is in your country to find a gamer girl? (I mean like a casual gamer, playing some games they love in their free time, not addicted but not "I played pokemon when I was 6 for 15 minutes")
What is the most gay thing that actually isn't gay
If programming languages were countries, what would each country be like? And where would you want/hate to live?
If a person asked you to comment on this question, would you do it and why?
What's the most disturbing thing yu've seen in a National Park?
What is something minor that happened or was said to you, that effected you greatly?
Reddit, what’s your worst job interview experience?
What was your closest encounter with the supernatural?
People of Reddit, do you pee in the shower?
What's the best thing, and the worst thing, about your cat?
On my AskReddit post about being used.
A lot of things are easier said than done. What's something that's easier done than said?
Casual sports fans of Reddit, what is the one sport that you just never can seem to understand?
Why is dancing more fluid when drunk?
People who were obese but lost weight, how did you do it? And at what point did you know you needed to lose weight?
What do you think is the hardest instrument to learn or master?
What are some problems you deal with occasionally or on a daily basis?
All my life only my parents communicate with me. Ask your questions
Teachers who have been Offered Sexual favours from students( or parents) in return of passing them. What happened?
When lab grown meat is perfected (taste /texture) would it be wrong to grow human meat as a delicacy?
What Serial killer do you think you would get along with and why?
People of reddit, what questions do you have regarding bloodtypes/-transfusions?
[Serious] People with holes in the skin on your face, whats your cringiest most irresponsible/dirty post yet?
What are your favorite modern era cartoons?
Dear Redditors, who would want to dare me?
What’s a weirdly specific super power you’ve come up with?
If someone called the cops on you, what would you do?
Your last photo is how you’ll look while your drowning. How do you look like?
What’s your “fake it ‘til you make it” story?
What's a good cyberpunk or scifi themed name for a cyber security team?
How would you tell your SO that they severely annoy you?
What band would be perfect to make a movie about?
Flight attendants of reddit, What are some of the pros/cons of being in the air as a job?
Have you ever fell in love with a friend of yours after years of friendship ? If so , what happened ?
Students of reddit, what's the worst field trip that you've ever gone on?
What is the opposite of a human?
What's the most ridiculous thought that has popped in your head?
What thing you can’t get out of the house without that people should do the same?
What are your thoughts on facebooks new currency?
What has been the most depressing age for you to turn and why?
What is something you’ve changed your mind on recently?
What do men look for in a woman?
Why will this question not reach top?
How come memes has dank memes but dank memes just has memes?
Have you ever met a celebrity in your life? If so, who?
How would your parents react if you brought your immigrant SO home to meet them?
Dads of Reddit: does Father’s Day mean anything to you, or do you see it as a useless holiday?
Western Horoscopes and the Chinese Zodiac have representative animals. A lion for Leo. Year of the Rat. Let's say you are not limited to these usual groups. What animal are you, and why?
If god is a woman, then what’s a goddess?
What are your thoughts on premium snapchat and people that use it?
Chucky vs Annabelle. Who would you rather be stuck in a room with for a day?
Is there a healthy ans sustainable way to decrease the amount of sleep you need each night (7.5 - 6 or 4.5)?
What are some easy meals to cook that aren’t too expensive?
Is there a Subreddit where i can describe a meme and ppl link me to it ?
What percentage of the ocean is comprised of sharks?
How do I fix error 0x800ccc78 in Outlook?
Ass-takers of reddit, what do you like best about taking it in the rear chute?
People of Reddit, what is your best but also weird event in any video game (I.E glitches, weird people blah blah blah)
Pepe was a good meme, why don't we reclaim it?
Have you ever wanted to be a guy?
How can you figure out what flavor is in a Pop Tart foil package? There are two packages from boxes of different flavors how can I tell which is which by looking at them?
What is the best life advice someone gave you?
What is the most money you lost in one day, and how?
What is one comment you had that got downvoted to hell, did you feel it was deserved?
A lot of women started to get a lot less hot after 2008. Why is this and will natural attraction soon make a giant comeback sometime in the future?
Drank a 275ml bottle of 15%alc, Is it possible to pass an alcohol test or is there a way to flush it out?
When you guys read the “ what did you bring upon this cursed land” memes, does your brain hear Cur sed or cursed
If Pinocchio said that his nose was going to grow, would it?
[Serious] Do you know someone who has killed someone? What was their reaction and what did they tell you?
Hey I’m new to twitter and I need to know what meme pages to follow (if there are any) .
Lawyers of Reddit, If Hitler was your client, would you defend him in court or not? why?
What Is A "Wierd" Food That Actually Tastes Really Good?
Has YouTube raised the volume of ads?
Plant smarties, is there any link between desert(cacti and succulents) and shallow ocean plants(reef and coral)? They just visually remind me of eachother.
How do you come out to your parents?
What is a good subreddit for personal achievement?
What things have the media done that ruined someones life or reputation (Aka spread a lie that caused someone's life to end accidentally)?
Need Help Finding a Person I chatted Online.
whats your million dollar idea I can steal, i mean borrow long term, from you?
What is the best Reddit community and why?
What mortifying stories do you have about leaving something behind?
People of reddit what is the best joke you have made or told?
People who have made some decent money online, how did you go about doing it?
What is the most cursed knowledge you know of?
Mothers of Reddit, what is your biggest fear with your kids and what have you done to relieve the anxiety?
Can anybody recommend any affordable CrossFit Gyms in Toronto?
Redditors in a serious relationship, what made you realize your S/O was "the one"/"a keeper"?
What does it mean if just seeing someone’s face makes you really happy?
Why isn't there a civilization without any touch of religion?
Perfectionists of Reddit, what are some strategies you use to help yourself actually start an activity, project, etc.?
Redditors who have trouble sleeping, what is your one trick for falling asleep?
When you die, what is something unique or out of the norm, that you would ACTUALLY request to be done at your funeral?
Flight attendants of reddit, what is the weirdest thing that has happened on a flight?
Which Country has the darkest history with the most bloodshed, The United States or Germany?
What is a reddit feature you have never even considered?
Why does society look down on drug users but only if they get it from dealers instead of doctors?
Besides porn accounts, what do you use throwaways/secret accounts for?
What is your “they still don’t know” story?
Would you rather live in a country that is rich, powerful, low unemployment, stable, and high average income per person or a democracy that is corrupt, poor and filled with violence and why that choice?
What did your parents tell you when you asked them how kids are born?
How would the world change if all emails and texts had read receipts?
How much would you be willing to pay for a 3-course meal prepared by Gordon Ramsay?
How old is too old for anime?
Join wick vs Agent 47 from Hitman who would win?
Wow anyone know Da.Doctor? I think he bumps what do the patients have to say?
What hobbies do you have? And how did you figure you enjoyed it(the first time doing it)??
Is talking about sex/sexual things completely innocent and platonic?
People who have served time in prison: what was the first and last day in prison like? What was life like when you got out?
What was something that was ruined for you because too many people started doing it?
What would be the ramifications of American prison systems adopting Norway's humane incarceration and criminal rehabilitation policies?
What efforts have been done (if any) to eradicate mosquitoes from the planet?
Redditors,what scientific fact would you like to forget?
How does one make a roadtrip fun?
Do you prefer to answer an oddly specific question or a strangely vague one? Why?
You have one-time access to Hollywood's top-secret media splicing machine. You may choose two movies to combine into the next blockbuster hit. Which do you choose and why?
Females of Reddit, why do you have such specific requirements for a guy you want to date?
What is the best retaliation to an insult that you have said?
Canadians who moved to the United States, how do you feel about this decision - good or bad - why?
Have you ever felt a strange connection to a celebrity?
I have seen threads like this before and it brothers me that this is so uncommon for some people
Deep/Dark Web users of reddit, what's the most unsettling thing you've found on it?
Married women of Reddit who have cheated their husbands and became pregnant, what happened afterwards?
What’s the most interesting gossip you’ve heard about yourself?
What’s your weirdest, most specific talent you can think of?
what green technology would like it immediately, available for free for everyone?
What was an annoying fad that occurred at your school or workplace?
Bought my first gaming monitor (Acer XF270H b, 144hz / 1ms / Freesync) and assumed the factory settings would be best, but after trying some Ufo Tests for motion blur/ghosting/response time I'm stuck trying to understand as well as find the right combination of settings to enable, can someone help?
[Serious] Older redditors who still work entry level jobs, do you feel like you went wrong somewhere in life or are you happy where you are?
If you have ever refused to allow someone to use your restroom at your house. Why? And how did they respond.
if you could see ANY youtuber in person and have a conversation with them who would it be?
What’s the best thing that happened to you lately?
Is the preference for a “tight anus/vagina” thing for real? I’ve never felt that a vagina or anus was too “loose.” Have you?
What is a game that everyone knows the "twist" of, even if they've never seen it?
Why does trump think going to war with Iran is a good thing?
What’s the most memorable answer you’ve seen on one of these AskReddit posts?
What thing that's now passed are you happy about?
what are your honest reviews of dating apps?
what's the newest technology you want installed on your car ?
What was the most painful insult you've ever heard?
What’s the best example of someone losing their man card that you’ve ever witnessed?
Physics, Chemistry or Biology? Which is your favorite and why?
Reddit, how would you feel about renaming /r/natureismetal into /r/watchanimalsdie?
What's something nobody believes at first but is actualy true?
Which old bit popular Reddit post do you think has "aged" the most poorly?
Redditors who have been on tv for things like Cupcake Wars, America’s Got Talent, The Voice, etc. what’re interesting things you learned/seen through that experience that most people watching wouldn’t know?
What is the best Father’s Day gift or time spent you e ever given or received?
If you can kill someone that you hate but then a love one have to die, would you do it?
What are some Life Pro Tips for cavemen?
What is a life hack you guys have seen on YouTube that looks like it works, but actually doesn’t?
What's the best message waking up to?
Liars of Reddit, what fake names have you used in the past?
People of reddit, What is the most annoying thing about social media, and why is it so annoying?
Walmart employees, what’s the worst thing you have seen inside your store?
What's stopping me from using a Crispr to genetically engineer myself?
Things have certain colors because they reflect only the color that we see. Without any light to reflect, in complete and absolute darkness, would a red apple still be red?
You can change one line in a movie in any way you want, and it has an impact on the story afterwards. What movie do you alter and how?
What are you called to be, and if you have found it, how do you know and how did you find out?
dear parents of reddit, what was your child's excuse when you caught them watching porn
What are some tips for a shy introvert who wants to be more social?
What’s an alternative fancy name for a relatively normal meal.
You have one question to get to know someone as best as you can. What question do you ask?
Utilizing all your knowledge, how would you take omelette making to the next level?
Redditors of the internet, what do you do when theres no internet? And if there is after maybe 2 or 3 days without it, whats the first thing you search?
If you saw some put their rubbish in your wheelie bin. What would you do and why?
What is your “It’s not what it looks like” moment
What are some common sense things that are not in the employee handbook but need to be added cause of a dumb co-worker?
[Serious] How did you feel when you got your first Reddit silver, gold, or platinum?
Why can't we get E! News off the air?
Truck drivers of Reddit: What U.S. cities have the worst drivers in your professional opinion?
Adults of Reddit, when did maturity hit you and what set it off?
(SERIOUS) Drug users of reddit, what drug(s) should be avoided at all costs?
What made you think “How is this person still alive“?
Do you think YouTube Premium will be better than Nextlix and is it worth it now?
What makes you doubt a person's sanity?
Does Apple occasionally remove songs from user created music playlists?
What is a book that every teenage girl should read?
What do you normally have in common with someone you date?
How do I know if I am a genuine and authentic person or not?
AskReddit. What is an example of an unspoken rule?
What type of video games do you like?
What's the most disgusting thing you have ever done?
What's a game that you hated at first but ended up loving?
You now have the "Gay Gun", a gun that shoots out a ray that turns people gay, with unlimited ammo. How do you use this to get rich?
What is the weirdest 'DO NOT .....' sign you've seen?
[Serious] What is the best way to tell someone that they are completely wrong without coming across like an absolute asshole?
What is the best thing to say to someone to mess with their head?
People of reddit. What is the best way to flirt with a girl?
Ex-Convicts on Reddit, what's a misconception/myth about prison that needs to be debunked?
What song do you think was ruined by a feature?
What's the best way to spend a weekend?
Who would you say is the sexiest female villain in all of movies and TV?
Detectives, first responders, crime scene investigators, etc...what are some coping mechanisms you employ to deal with the nature of your work and are there certain people who you think are not suited for this work?
Someone else asked this but i wanted t o see some more answers and add a few ryoes you are given imortality but are sent back 2000 years tou vmcan be killed but only by humans and what ever you do you cant cause yourself to be erased from Excistence would you do it and wwyd?
Redditors who works in a mental asylum/facility, what's the creepiest/weirdest thing you've ever heard from a patient?
What is your go to song or playlist to cheer yourself up ?
What kind of app would solve your problems right now?
Masseuse, physical trainers ,etc of Reddit do you ever get aroused when you have an attractive client?
What item was too rare for you to use in a game? Now that you've beaten the game, when should you have used it?
What's the dumbest thing you've done on autopilot?
People who clicked on single arround you ads on pornsites. What did you expect?
People of reddit, what's your (Inception) spinning top in life?
What's a tradition that only your family carry out?
/u/AutoModerator on I'm sort of a cheapskate, what're some creative ways to save more cash during date night?
What is the most money a bad decision has cost you?
Men of reddit, what’s the main thing you looked forward to in a relationship as a teenager vs now?
What's the weirdest thing you've bought while drunk?
Is it wrong to dislike someone because they remind you of a former version of yourself? Why or why not?
Who is the worst President/Prime Minister in the history of your country and why?
Adults of Reddit, how have you managed to develop/maintain friendships with people your age?
Is Insane Clown Posse big in other countries than the US? If so, which?
Fast food workers - question about "Ring bell if you had good Service"
Men of reddit, what is the worst thing a girl has said to you during sex?
What happens if the only way to end the trade war is for trump no longer be re-elected or have his two term end?
What are your thoughts on MaRey Sue (Rey)?
Dear Reddit, what was the time a gay/lesbian person hit on you and you didn’t realize until it was too late?
If a serious illness befell you, wiping away all of your memories of happiness, all of the moments of joy you’ve experienced in your life and this severe illness permitted you to keep only one memory of happiness, which moment would you keep to remember?
[Serious] Vets of reddit, what was your saddest moment in your career?
If you were given $1,000,000 to ruin your schools reputation what would you do?
Atheists of Reddit have you ever had an experience that seemed to much to just right of as an coincidence or something you can't seem to explain and did it make you reconsider your stance on the supernatural?
Firefighters of Reddit what is the worst thing you have ever witnessed?
If you had the chance to know the date of your death, would you like to know?
So I like my step sister a little too much and i was wondering (since I’m finishing puberty) how can I get her to have sex with me (am 16 she’s 18) I don’t know if she likes black guys or something or she’s not into me (am Latino she’s white) I have 1 (somewhat) weird fetish (socks)
Kids of Doctors of Reddit, what is something you know or check for that a normal patient wouldn’t think of?
Did you crack the code for finding the Shrine of Dagon in ES: Oblivion?
What are some sayings older people would say that you never understood until you were older?
What ethnicity are you and what ethnicity do other people mistake you as?
Whats a thing you can’t believe that is happening right now?
What’s your best example of the in-laws overstepping their boundaries?
Who’s your favorite family member and why?
You suddenly wake up in a Mysterious Island that seem to be full of deadly monsters and plants. You have no weapon, no water, no food. The only thing you have is crew of 5 members that will explore with you, each member represents a subreddit. What subreddits will you choose?
My wife is leaving for a week for work. This is the first time I've been a solo dad for more than 24 hours. My kids are 3yr and 1yr old. What are your go to "when all else fails" ideas for their crying and missing mommy?
If You had seen a Genie and asked you what you wanted what would it be?
What's your favorite "there's no such thing as a free lunch" example?
[Serious] People of Reddit who have emotionally manipulated someone, what and why did you do?
What the closest you’ve come to dying?
What the most stupid thing you’ve done while intoxicated?
What's an email notification that made your stomach drop?
When did a stranger help you get your shit together?
What is your favorite unwind activity after a long day?
What amazing thing sounds lame when said out loud
I'm lazy, unmotivated, and unable to commit to myself. What can I do?
When asking if your outfit makes your butt look big, what answer do you want to hear?
What’s the worst thing you have seen someone get fired for?
What's the biggest morally questionable f#ck up that you either fixed/got away with by either luck skill or pure stupidety?
What are some features of reddit a new guy should know?
"Old" people of reddit, what utility/service workers provided the most awe and entertainment for you (garbage men, dude working on electric pole, etc)?
What technology was/is way ahead of its time?
If Batman existed in real life, which current millionaire could be?
What is something you were super afraid of but realized it wasn’t bad at all once you faced it?
What's the strangest thing you've ever received via WhatsApp??
What do you think is the most messed up thing about society?
What common product has a feature you're not sure everyone is aware of?
If you were to die today, but you can choose how to die. How do you want to die?
Children of reddit, what do you really want your parents to know but too afraid to speak up?
what subreddits are great when you need help just about anything?
If somebody is murdered for having hypocritical opinions, wouldn’t he have deserved it? Why or why not?
Trying to find a good friend! Any tips?
Members of the Queen's Guard, what's the best/worst experience you've had on the job?
Why isn't there a dating website for sex offenders?
What is the bane of your existence?
What's your best "The enemy of my enemy is my friend" story?
Which period in history do you find interesting? Why?
What can I do to lesson bleeding or improve clotting during a dental procedure, is there something I can take or eat or drink before hand?
Has anyone ever been close to someone with absolutely no flaws in their personality, only virtues, and who have been put to the test with them?
Dnd Players what is a good free website to make a character sheet?
Who is the prettiest (face, not personality) pornstar you are aware of?
What are great fathers day gifts for under 100 dollars ?
Aussies of Reddit, yeah nah yeah nah nah yeah?
What would you do if everyone forgot who you were and all evidence of your existence vanished?
What’s a weird habit that you have which makes you think that you could be OCD?
Do you prefer Reddit day mode or Reddit night mode?
Why would a young straight ( I think) man start eating his own cum?
What is your favorite tv show and why?
What shows would you recommend a 15 year old to watch on Netflix?
We all know those reoccuring AskReddit threads have the same answers every week. When has your answer for one of those threads changed from one week to the next, and why?
What actor or actress do you think plays the same character in every movie?
Were you really attracted to the person you agreed to meet when set up as part of an arranged marriage proposal? Or did you meet out of a sense of obligation or under pressure?
[r/AskReddit] [SERIOUS] What are some good ways to build up your self-confidence?
People who are no longer alive, hows the afterlife?
What's the most bizarre interaction you've had with a stranger?
Can you catch a cold in your butthole?
Your first or most embarrassing moment during internship?
Can I convert few years of messenger chat into pdf file?
How do you accidentally cheat in a relationship?
What is the best way you have asked someone out?
What are some adult jokes from movies that completely went over your head as a child?
At what point, which date, should the man ask the lady to share the cost of the dinner?
People of reddit what is your "yes it's just you" moment?
Would you rather have a child made of pee or a pee made of child?
If you could change one thing from your past what it would be?
Reddit, what is the cringiest thing you've done to try and impress your crush?
Coders of reddit, what is the best compiler/IDE for learning C on windows and Mac?
What's an offhand remark that will get you a few confused looks?
What’s a thing you did that ended your childhood innocence?
10 criminals are holding LMG's and hunting you down because you stole their KFC you only have a pocket knife and your phone battery is 6% what would you do?
What theme park ride did you love that is now gone?
What are some of your tips for a good male hygiene and grooming?
Cat owners of reddit, what do you feed your cat?
There are many philosophies/readings/articles/studies that teach us that wealth or success do not necessarily bring happiness. Why then should I be ambitious or strive to do well in my career?
When did wish your eye balls could record video?
If you could have a romantic relationship with a non living thing, what would it be?
What's the funniest thing you've seen someone do on the jumbotron at a baseball game?
Without naming your city, who is the most famous person from your city?
Why is The_Donald shut down? I mean, other than blatant censorship of conservative thought? Disgusting.
Have you ever won in a giveaway hosted by a celebrity/YouTuber/influencer? If yes, what was the prize? If no, what do you think are the chances that it was rigged?
What are some weird dreams you had and if you remember what were they like?
Americans of Reddit, why do British people intrigue you all so much?
Would your 2014 version self recognise you today? Why or why not?
What scent makes you feel nostalgic? What does it remind you of?
What is the weirdest thing you've done/experienced sexually?
How many of you know about crypto-currencies, how does it works in real life?
How do you deal with relationships with no "label'?
What child friendly cartoon/book/movie ect. terrified you as a kid and why?
Just found out my gf has multiple personality disorder
What would be your "welcome to my Ted talk" topic?
Men and women of Reddit, what are some of the best parts about your gender?
What's a million dollar idea you wish would be developed?
How would the world change if tomorrow all men woke up with breasts?
What is the best social media platform you know ?
What happened between you and your ex-bestfriend?
If you could go back in time and postpone a historical event for one hundred years what would you choose and why?
If you were to build a castle, what would be a must-have in your opinion?
What is something that can bring a smile on your face?
Whats your best way to sober someone up?
What's a secret you would never tell anybody about in fear of them judging you?
If you could eat only food from one video game for the rest of your life, which game would you pick?
If you were to have one day in which costs and negative health effects were non existant for all foodstuffs, what would be your meal layout for that day?
What are your favorite subreddits to visit while at work?
Gamers of Reddit, what is the most overrated game of all time?
What was the song where the lyrics made you say “What the fuck?”
What is the most useless thing you learned in school?
Competitive swimmers of reddit, what’s the worst/embarrassing bathing suit malfunction you’ve had?
Pet owners of Reddit, what is your funniest encounter of your soon to be pet?
When you have been told off by a teacher what is the best response you have given?
What are some healthy, quick and easy meals or smoothies ?
What’s a song you love that everyone else hates?
If you got to add any character to Smash Ultimate, which character would it be and why?
What is ur “I am very badass” moment?
If you died tomorrow, what's the one thing you regret saying/never saying to someone?
Freelancers of Reddit, what's the weirdest thing a client has asked of you?
What's the stupidest language that people actually speak?
How much karma is needed to post on r/memes?
What is something you've always wanted to say to someone, but haven't because it sounds stupid?
What is something weird your friend’s family does, that would be totally unacceptable in yours?
[Serious] What's your cringiest post you've Cryed over Yet?
Do you believe that certain people such as famous scientists, authors, musicians, engineers, politicians etc were put on this earth specifically to advance mankind? How else would we be where we are now if we didn't have those people come through with their way of thinking?
Psychilogist of reddit, What are subtle signs that someone is a psychopath/sociopath?
What was the most heartbreaking decision you have ever had to make in your life? [Serious]
Dear redditors, which is better? Marvel or DC?
What is one thing that you wish you could do but not able to because of time,money etc.
What event in your life has caused you to stop caring about something you once thought was important?
What do you collect? How did the collection start?
When was the last time you head someone say "homie"?
What are your big plans for this summer?
What did the Back To The Future movies get really right and really wrong about the future?
Non United States residents, what surprised you most when you got to the United States?
Are micro-expressions micro-aggressions? This guys eyebrows went up well his eyes squinted ever so slightly for just a brief moment of time. Am I about to get mugged?
Did you ever feel you were seconds from dying? If so, what happened?
What is the biggest thing you have done for love?
What are good ways to loose weight and motivate yourself to continue with it?
Who would win if tweakers had a war with trailer trash?
Ukulele players of Reddit, what are your favourite chord progressions and strumming patterns?
What is a commonly misunderstood thing that you would like to clarify?
What secret did a friend entrust you with, that you shouldn't reveal?
If you got to make a movie with anybody you want in it, who would the people be (max 8 people)
Women of Reddit, what characteristics of men do you find incomprehensible
Name the top 10 most influential public figures in your life
on an r/AskReddit post about if dogs created their version of Reddit, what subs would there be
What is all that you know of "Operation Gladio"- the Cold War stay behind guerrilla/sabotage force?
People of Reddit what do you do on the times PSN is down?
Should sports media be impartial? Or should commentators be allowed to show personal bias for the sake of generating excitement?
Tokers of Reddit, what strain are you enjoying tonight?
Reddit, what are some double standards for men and women?
What is the craziest thing that has ever happened at your school?
My fiancé can’t stop singing the crusty crab pizza song from Spongebob. How do I get her to stop?
What are some of your Q-tip Fuckups/Horror stories?
People of reddit, what's the most absurd punishment you have received from your parents and why
What's something you think must happen between the next 12 years?
What is the weirdest place you have ever seen a government vehicle parked at?
People who like horror movies, what got you into them?
Fans of Disneyland or Disneyworld, what is that one thing you truly detest when you are there?
Click on this for the full thing I need to ask
Anyone here work for immigration? What is it like deciding who does and doesn't get a visa? What is it like guaging the legitimacy of couples? or what passes as 'compelling circumstances'? Are you truly unbiased?
What is the dumbest thing someone you know does not believe in?
Customer service employees of Reddit, what were some of your most memorable interactions with customers?
Gamers of Reddit, what’s the creepiest thing you’ve seen in a video game?
What is the cuntiest thing you ever did (considering you are a cunt already), downwote?
Historical court cases are now listed as "vs." instead of "v." and settled in a wrestling/boxing ring. How do the matches play out?
What was the most memorable thing you've overheard, that you weren't supposed to hear?
If you could turn the person you hate the most into any animal, what would it be, and why?
How do you clean your laptop with bleach?
Mom, can I go to Kyle's house to play legos, why or why not?
During which historical event do you wish reddit was already available and why?
Boys of reddit, how do you feel after you’ve been rejected? Do you stop liking the girl afterwards?
What's the worst deal you've ever gotten on a meal or at a restaurant?
[Serious] why are american vegans and animals right activists not as passionate in their opposition to the atrocities comitted by their military abroad?
What's classy if your poor, but trashy I'd you're rich?
What made you say “dafuq did I just read”?
What was the stupidest scam you fell for ?
Redditors who use light mode: Why are you like this?
What are some easy things people pay a lot of money for but can save a lot of money doing it themselves?
[Serious] Dear Reddit, What was the Moment you decided to seek help for your Depression?
Cable guys, electricians, plumbers etc. of Reddit, what was your most awkward moment with at a client's house?
Why did you respond to this post?
[serious] Redditor’s who have met politicians before they started their career, what were they like?
What is the creepiest encounter you've had with another person?
50-60 years old redditors: you wake up tomorrow and you have no job or education at all. What would you do to start a career?
What's a unpopular way of avoiding pregnancy?
People of Reddit, what's the best "sweet revenge" moment that you have ever had regarding an old friend that turned out to be a prick?
IF YOU WERE A GENIE AND A PERSON ASKED YOU THIS WISH, “I WISH YOU WOULD NOT GRANT ME THIS WISH”, WHAT WOULD YOU DO?
What was your biggest "oh shit" moment?
What question have you always wanted to ask somebody?
Cops of reddit, what is the dumbest excuse you’ve ever heard?
Whats an awkward thing that happend to you? If you could rate it out of 10 what would it be?
How did the famous grey/green alien with big eyes, big head, small body become so popularized and become the stereotypical alien design?
How can I survive college and debt without going insane?
What do hosts say when hosting a beauty pageant? I really need it for my group activity.
When was the time you realised you were an adult?
Parents of reddit, what is the most embarrassing thing your kid has done in public?
Reddit is fighting Instagram, their arch-enemy. What does each subreddit do so that we may destroy those peasants?
What is your best "wrong number" story?
Way to download hookup apps without them in history?
If temperatures are rising 1 or 2 degrees every year, won’t we all be vaporized in the next few decades?
Men of the US how on earth do I pee without splashing in your crazy toilets filled with water?
When you get a song stuck in you head and feel the urge to sing it, do you hear the entire song playing in your head? What do you hear?
Let's all clump together into one stereotype; If we combine personal traits from all of us in the comments, what is the total average redditor?
Why do people have to judge the type of music people listen to?
Cosmetologists of Reddit, what’s the worst mistake you’ve made and did you fix it?
Sci-fi fans of Reddit: Transformers vs Terminators. Who would win and why?
What is the dumbest way you've injured yourself?
Have you ever cheated/ been cheated on. Has it worked out?
What is the most insane coincidence that led you to meeting someone you know and love today?
How far would you go to avoid social contact?
What sub Reddit were you banned from and what did you do to solicit said ban?
[Serious] Would you suck your dick or eat yourself out if you could stretch enough and why?
What are your opinion about legalizing suicide?
/u/AutoModerator on What are some great scenes that show up in otherwise terrible movies?
Parents who got mad or threw your child out of your home because they are lgbt?
People of reddit who stood up to their bullies and solved the problem, what are your stories? Any recommendation to actual bullying victims?
What character (either real or fictional) best encapsulates having to do everything themselves?
What's the strangest thing, that ever happened at a friends place?
[Serious] Girls who have taken birth control for a long time and then stopped, did you feel any different after you stopped? Were there any side effects that you didn’t realize you had until you stopped?
Why is going to the bathroom embarrassing?
What would you do if you had a certain group of friends for 10+ years, but you’re starting to feel not as connected to them anymore?
Whats thw Best sex position for shy people?
Parents of Reddit : were you ever worried about the possibility of an ugly baby? Perhaps because of your SO's appearance . How did it turn out ? Was the worry all for nothing ?
What’s the ugliest car you can think of?
Tattoo artists of Reddit, what's the worst tattoo idea/design a client has asked you to tattoo on them?
redditors with narcisistic parent(s) what did it do to you and do you have tips for teens who are living with their narcisistic parent(s) right now?
What was the moment when you realized that you had found your soulmate?
What story that happened to you or someone else you know should be made into a movie?
Aliens of Reddit, why do you hate humans ?
How is Venice, Italy being affected by global warming?
What are you best startup ideas that can make the world a better place?
What is a myth or misconception that the general public often confidently believes about your job/industry?
What are some of the best songs to drink to that isnt country?
To those who lie to others about how they met their SO, what’s the real story?
Men of Reddit: what’s the girliest thing you’ve ever done?
What show are you currently binge watching?
People who work or have been in prison, what is the weirdest thing you have seen?
What do you think about before falling asleep?
Babysitters of reddit: what are some of the scariest/eye-opening experiences you’ve had with children?
I am looking to start a specialty store that consists of only electrical, smart and solar materials. This can range from bulbs to generators to smart home cameras to smart fridges to solar panels. Do you think it’s a profitable idea?
How would you deter/scare the fuck out of a scavenger dude that keeps ripping apart garbage bags with a metal poker in your building's waste bins without killing or wounding him?
What celebrity had a cameo in a TV show that was actually good?
What is the most interesting insult you have received or given?
Aside from fighting supervillains, what would be the most annoying/inconvenient parts of being a superhero?
Voters of Reddit how do you get your information about candidates to make your decision?
Fellow Redditors, what do you think about the pride month?
White people of Reddit, how did your behavior change when you realized you have an inherent, innate privilege?
Dwarves of reddit, how was school for you while growing up?
Most humans can't get above 100 decibels while yelling. But the loudest crowd ever was ~142. How is this possible?
[SERIOUS] Redditors that have lost their virginities, what's the story?
Couples of Reddit, How did you cope when one of you enlisted into the service?
Students who live/lived in dorm, what was the worst experience with a roommate?
What made you mad today, and what did you do about it?
I wanted to ask the people of reddit about my mental health. But I used the body text. Suggest a sub to help?
What is your earliest childhood memory of getting into trouble?
Employees whose company was sold: How did it happen and did it have an effect on you?
Student Of Reddit What’s The “I Feel Bad For you “ Moment?
Some people are authentically full of love for others. What's the story of when you were most stricken/inspired by someone's act of genuine kindness?
How do you imagine the protestors getting their asses kicked in Hong Kong feel about not having the right to own firearms as guaranteed by the 2nd Amendment?
Taxi/über drivers of reddit, what’s the weirdest/creepiest thing a customer has ever told you?
Is it normal if you have a profile with low karma but then you make your friend two memes and he gains 1500 karma?
What are some good business ideas for someone in Virtual Enterprise?
Which celebrity do you get often told you look like?
(Serious) people of reddit, what was the stupidest thing you’ve ever seen or heard
The plastic applicator of my tampon is a vivid blue. Why would they waste such a pretty color?
what’s your (or someone else you’re close to/know) near death experience? what happened?
When did you last hear someone else’s belly growl?
Tell me a story that traumatized you
Reddit, would you support a DNC action to ensure the second place nominee receives the Vice Presidential bid?
Redditors who claim they have encountered aliens: What was it like?
Why is it so hard to accumulate an audience on YouTube?
What was a time where you messed up horribly, but by luck, you were saved from punishment?
If you had the ability to create the perfect VR world for all of humanity to live in but it strains the limited resources earth has left would you do it and why?
What YouTube video never gets old or too stale to watch?
What was your most enjoyable people watching experience? What happened?
What is the worst experience you've had with kids?
People who were on game/reality Tv shows, what was the host like when there were no cameras?
Do you think psychological/horror movies without supernatural elements are better than horror movies that include supernatural elements?
What's something you can say both during sex and a tennis match ?
Parents of Reddit, what has been the worst lie/excuse your son or daughter has told you to stay the night out but you let slide because you knew they actually wanted the night out to have sex?
Have you ever had someone you weren’t interested in, have a hard time interpreting social cues?
Which stereotype annoys you the most about your country?
RA's of Reddit, who was your strangest resident? What did they do that made them so strange?
Why aren't satellites transported into space using balloons?
What if someone gave you $100 million but if you sneezed your dick blew up, would you take it ?
What are some of the daily problems bicyclists face on the roads? How aware are we of bicyclists and the laws associated with them?
What's the weirdest law your country has?
Just got my razer electra v2 headset. However, the mic appears not to be working, as there is no sound being picked up. Any tips?
What TV Show makes you roll your eyes in disgust every time you see someone watching it?
What was the best card/board game you played as a child?
Redditors who were in Auschwitz during WWII, how did you survive ?
Does anyone get tunnel vision with certain songs
What’s something that you’ve done online unintentionally, that likely got you placed on a watchlist?
What is the scariest thing you have seen during a night watch?
Fishermen: what’s the biggest problem you face when fishing?
What simple thing can drastically improve your life?
People who had sex with my mom, how did it go?
Redditors who are 50+ years, what are some of your biggest regrets from when you were ‘younger’??
Redditors who clean uo crime scenes - how did you get into that line of work?
Concert enthusiasts of Reddit, how do you store/display your ticket stubs?
Dungeon Masters of Reddit, what was the most ridiculous thing your players ever did? Did it derail the campaign or otherwise screw up your plans?
What’s the most annoying thing about your sibling?
What's a joke/trick similar to "spell Icup"?
Gamblers of Reddit, what's your favorite poker scene in a movie or TV show?
What is the most valuable lesson you've learned in your life.
Acrobat of Reddit have you ever sucked your own dick and if so how was the experience?
Whats the most creative way that you’ve cheated on life?
Help [serious] (I’m new-ish to posting on reddit... so hopefully that’s how you do that).
Why are high profile accounts(Famous Actors/Directors etc.) given Reddit coins when they clearly do not need them?
Hey, reddit. What pissed you off today?
People who dont eat the Pizza Crusts and leave them in the box for their friends to find..why do you do what you do?
Who are some of the most underrated footballers ever?
From the experience of dietary supplements. Is it useful or not?
Current and Former Students of Reddit, what's the most pretentious and assholy thing the nerdy kid has ever done?
Should I just get a bunch of surgeries to fix my face?
What’s a common saying that really gets on your nerves, and why?
What do you think of when an exotic place is mentioned?
What's a sensation you learned to cope with and how?
The world ends in 7 days. What will you do and with who?
You had a better glow-up,you or your most recent ex?
Ex-Children of Reddit, what was the most stupid lie you believed as a kid?
Best friends of depressed people, what’s it like?
Fellow gamers: What’s your favorite drink growing up
Parents of Reddit, What was the best excuse you heard from your kid?
Best dad oneliner insult you’ve ever received?
What is the longest amount of time you have been home alone?
What are the Pros &amp; Cons of doing drugs?
Dentists of Reddit, what is your “Have you ever brushed your teeth?” moment?
How many pets should you own before it becomes unsanitary?
As a straight white cis man in his mid 20s what big or small things can I do to improve the lives of minorites and women?
Whats something you are afraid to ask? (wether its asking you family, friends, SO etc..)
[ASK] what is the happiest moments in your love life?
Who are some famous people like Arnold Schwarzenegger that lurk Reddit often?
Parents of Reddit, do you think watching your kids play sports is boring or is there more to it?
What do you do for fun on an actual rainy day?
What do you do when you can’t find something?
What sport would you like to get into but can’t for some reason?
What’s the dumbest argument you or a friend have ever gotten into?
How do you make peace and accept a situation that you never got full closure on?
Single parents...how do you meet new people?
What do you think is the most well designed part of the human body?
what United States special operations forces are the first boots on the ground in a war?
What is the greatest deed you’ve done for another person?
What is the worst injury you’ve ever had?
[Serious] Police officers of Reddit, have a person called about someone being in their house and you've done a throughout search with your fellow officers and found nothing, yet they've called moments later being in real trouble? What happened?
Teachers of Reddit, what is the most entitled thing a student has ever said or done?
Americans of Reddit, what European cars do you wish were sold in the US?
If products names were based off of their action/ability instead of their brand/name, what new names would your stuff have?
[Serious]Religious people who believe in the Trinity, how would you explain it to someone who has never heard of the concept?
Why do you share things with the nonpeople who use Reddit? What is it about their opinions that you value?
On a scale of 1-10 how large is your wiener?
Seniors of reddit, what is your favorite story to share with people?
What is your favorite word, and why?
What is a trick that always gets you to sleep no matter what?
What is the most ridiculous thing you said while half asleep?
You can only speak in movie quotes, what do you say when your first child is born?
[Serious] For those who were old enough to recall at the time, what were you doing and what were your reactions during the O.J. Simpson Chase?
who can work idle but make money?
People who take the bus/subway, what is the craziest thing you have seen somebody do on the bus/subway?
America: Are we too scared to fight back or too brainwashed to care?
Urgent , my dog's puking white foam and his poop is like red jelly , the nearest vet's like several miles away and i am home alone as a kid...What should i do?
SO’s of people who came out as transgender after you started dating them, how'd it go?
You're bringing your long-term partner home to meet your parents for the first time. How do you brief them on winning over your parents?
If a ginger were to dye their hair, what color would look good on them?
Williams of Reddit where do you get off going by Bill? You allready have Will, shouldn't Bill be short for Billiam?
How do you convince your girlfriend she's not fat?
How did people back in the day (without the advent of dating apps) initially meet S/Os?
What did your most life impacting teacher do?
What is you’re scariest late night experience?
What is the most bizare reddit community you have seen?
People who like YouTube videos that use other peoples problems for profit, why?
Husband's who have had MMF threesomes with your wife, how was it? Did it change your relationship dynamic? Interested in sharing my wife but worried jealousy will kick in.
Americans of Reddit what do you think about kneeling during the national anthem???
What is the dumbest way a person has gotten famous?
[Serious] Vegans of Reddit, how do you feel about consuming/using animal products that don't result from cruelty/harm to the animal (ie: milk or unfertilized eggs from animals who are not raised to be eaten)?
What is the best book you have ever read / or has influenced you the most?
Tattoo artists, what tattoo have you/would you refuse to give to a customer?
Drug dealers of Reddit, what do you do with the cash you get paid in?
If you could put a nickel anywhere in the world and at any time in history, where would you put it to cause the most chaos?
What is that common "white lie" you say to your wife/husband to avoid unnecesary arguments?
What's your "just give me a second chance" story ?
[Serious] Why did you start trying harder in life?
Best ways to advertise fundraising for charity
How would the world change if all of a sudden every straight person became gay?
Have any of you worked at a Starbucks and spelled someone's name wrong on purpose? If so what was their name and how did you spell it?
What’s the film you believe made a true impact on your life?
"What's your internet "white whale", something you've been searching for years to find with no luck?" - /r/AskReddit (+9430) [June 03, 2015]
People of reddit, if you woke up and everybody on earth was gone. Then what would you do?
Serious question... in the dd/lg community, is it considered disrespectful to get their “daddy” a Father’s Day gift?
The laws don't work. How can we get people to stop reading and texting while driving?
What was the stupidest thing you used to be scared of?
[Serious] What's your cringiest "Ahh! That explains it you're a psycho" moment yet?
What is the most daunting thing you've ever eaten?
People of Reddit, what was the most depressing age for you where reality truly started to hit that your youth was over?
What movie would you love to watch but would probably never exist?
What was the worst thing you have done?
What is your law of attraction success story?
Why are all the planets spheres, and why are my pupils a circle, why is there a circle?
Woman of reddit, what do you think would be the best thing about being a man?
At what age do we stop calling people orphans?
What is your go-to song for the shower?
Who was the worst teacher you’ve encountered?
Fellow redditors,we all have that song we heard that stick in our mind but dont know the name of it . Explain the details you know about the song so others could help you find it..?
LGBTQ+ people who live in a less-than-tolerant country, what has your experience been like?
People who’ve won sweepstakes type contests, what did you get and do you still use/have it?
How to tell partner that you're a vampire ?
What is some creepy content similar to Night Vale, nosleep stories, unsolved mysteries, etc?
How would you ladies comfort a grieving mother who lost her adult child?
What are the gestures that tell you a man might be gay?
People of reddit, how did you walk in on your parents?
People who donate blood. What is your goal and how far have you come?
People of Reddit who live where obesity is near nonexistent, what keeps you from becoming overweight?
Redditors, How did you find your Kink?
Why do people judge/make fun of the type of alcohol you drink but in the end all alcohol does the same thing to you?
Doctors who’ve actually answered the question, “Is anyone here a doctor?”, what happened?
You guys my uncle needs help! (This is my first post) He is 73 and he needs to get a knee replacement but he needs to lose 20 pounds. He says it hurts when he walks so he eats healthy. Please guys tell me suggestions. What can he do?
What do you lie to yourself about?
How can you tell what a person’s true intentions are in any given situation?
[Serious] Users of redditbay, what’s the difference between private vs shared accounts?
When has somebody given you WAY too much information?
[Serious] Who is/was the most influential figure in your life, whether positive or negative, and why?
You have 5 seconds to ruin a family gathering. What do you do/say?
Anyone have resources for locating/purchasing Dexflex Comfort shoes (specifically the Claire Scrunch Flat and Darla Pointed Flat) now that Payless has gone out of business?
What is you worst moment of panic thinking you forgot so thing you didn't?
What is the most subtle way to say “f*ck you”?
What do you want your last words to be?
When’s the moment you realized you never wanted to have kids?
To any fast food workers, what is the weirdest "secret menu" item someone has requested?
What type of fruit would you be and why?
What are the best subreddits to pass the time in an office (safe for work)?
What is the best wourkouts to get rid of the fat of the "love handles"
What was the one fuck it Moment that ended badly.
If you had "the monkey's paw" right now, what would you wish for?
Moshers of Reddit, what’s your greatest mosh pit story?
People with children, what are things that you wish people without children knew/understood?
What word do you think doesn't suit its meaning?
Why do you think people get so wasted at weddings? Why not other events that also serve alcohol where people (rarely) get drunk considering pressures to be fancy?
Whats the worst thing you've thought about doing, but have never acted on?
What NFL survival pools can I join for this season?
Would the United States be a better country if more than 2 major political parties existed?
/u/AutoModerator on Just wanted to point out that there are exactly 111.111 members online. And to be able to post this I‘m doing this: Why?
What is the biggest problem in your life right now?
Vets of Reddit, what's the weirdest thing a dog has eaten ? How did it turn out ?
Pilots of Reddit, What is the strangest thing you’ve ever seen while flying?
What are the most bizarre DnD characters you have created?
What causes each generation before the last act younger in age longer in life?
Which director is better Tommy Wiseau or Neil Breen?
What’s a “never skip” song on your playlist?
What would cause an AI teammate to repeat the same line over and over again, even after restarting the game and powering off the console?
What are signs of a GOOD friendship?
What is the scariest movie of all time
Which famous person (dead or alive!) have you had sexual fantasies about?
What are some examples of deaths directly caused by a young child?
Have you ever given something away that you instantly regretted? What was it?
If life ends inevitably, and it’s all meaningless in the end, what’s the po
Are you worried about business meetings or looking for Audio video conferencing and Board Room Solutions in Pune?
What band does everyone hate that you secretly love?
What is the first word that comes to your mind when I write TB?
Right before you shower, you go pee. Do you need to wash your hands?
Americans of reddit, What was a rumor from another country or state that you where shocked was true?
What are some interesting facts about the brain that not everyone knows?
How would you think the earth, society, and science would work if the earth really WAS flat?
What is the worst birthday experienced that has happened to you or someone else?
Dear Reddit, what was your biggest “no u” moment(good or bad)?
What’s a valuable life lesson you learned too late?
What's a secret reason why you broke up with someone and never told them about it?
What was the worst-looking but best-tasting thing you've eaten?
Which is the better show between Steins Gate and Jimmy Neutron?
How old is the oldest person you have ever met?
What's the coolest thing you've ever done with nobody around to witness?
What types of fun recreational exercise stuff do you do on the weekends??
What's the kindest thing you've done for a stranger or a stranger has done for you?
What’s a good side-hustle to make some extra cash?
What was the thing that disturbed you most about your parents as a child?
Does Trover have 4 or 6 eyes?
What would you feel about a law that automatically makes everyone over the age of 18 an organ donar with the ability to opt out?
DMV workers of reddit, has anyone tried to "renew" a fake id? What happened?
Gamers of Reddit- what’s the oldest game you remember playing as a kid.
What childhood fear do you still have?
For the next 12 hours, all subreddits allow all types of content (text, image, link and video) to be posted. What do you post and where?
Artists of reddit, what are the best brands of brushes for acrylic or watercolor painting?
Who do you think Keanu Reeves is, as a person (not like intimate knowledge but like generally)?
Hollywood has finally decided to stop remaking movies that were great the first time and start remaking movies with great concepts, but poor execution. What movies are you most excited to see?
Every subreddit is Tributed for the Hunger Games. What does each sub do to win?
What's your best line to end an argument?
What are some things that you shouldn’t cheap out on?
My girlfriend and I's anniversary is on Thanksgiving this year. Y'all got any suggestions for what we can do on this coincidental intersection of days?
Which one is superior Vans or Converse?
What's a dumb/embarrassing thing you said as a kid that still haunts your thoughts today?
Will people ever respect you if you are emotional?
People who have lost a parent and parents who have lost a child, how do you cope on Mother’s/Father’s Day? Is there anything you wish your friends and family would say or do (or anything you wish they would stop saying/doing)?
If there were two of your significant other, and you had to figure out which one was the real one, what would you ask them?
Who is the worst customer you've ever had to deal with at work?
What movie did you expect to be terrible but became one of your favourites?
People with tattoos dedicated to memory of someone important to you...why would you get a tattoo of someone you will never forget anyway?
If you had to watch one film for the rest of your life what film would it be and why?
What do queer women think of body hair?
What’s something you’ve lost and never found, but are still hoping you will someday find?
[Serious answers only] Ace and greysexuals of reddit what do want people to understand?
(Serious) People who support President Trump, why do you still back him after all the bad stuff he’s done and said? Especially when it comes to siding with bad people (Putin/Kim) vs our own intelligence agencies. Please keep it civil, genuinely trying to wrap my head around it.
What would be the funniest thing to say during sex?
Stoners of reddit, which is the best album to listen to while you're high?
Bilingual people of Reddit, what is the best way you have found to learn a new language, and how long did it take?
What is the best dirt you have on your ex?
Do your hearing gets worse while you're drunk?
What kind of actions could ever make a person deserving of death on a moral basis? (serious)
Sugar babies of reddit, how did you meet your sugar daddy/mommy and how did it end?
What's the worst book you've ever read?
Why did Nickleback say "Look at this graph?"
What is something that we take long time to build but destroyed in seconds?
How do girls at the gym show they are interested in you?
What good thing happened to you today, however big or small?
What's something that you thing is not that rare to see,but no one will get it on tape?
Do You Think It's Better Being Too Short, Or Too Tall? Why?
Food service workers of reddit. We’ve all heard the phrase “Don’t fuck with the person making your food,”. Have you ever messed with a horrible customers food? What made you do it?
What was "that thing" that happened to someone you know?
Learn How You Can Make the Best Out of Automatic Invoice Processing in Sage ?
What's the best way to tell parents you don't care about the kids they always talk about?
What is the stupid arguement you've ever had on Reddit?
The last movie you watched crosses over with the last game you played. What happens?
What are some signs that a relationship is over?
What costs under a fiver, but is worth much more and why?
Ex gf is in a secret romantic relationship with our shared boss, how to deal with this?
How do you all deal with mods drunk on power?
What is the worst way you have stopped being friends with a group of people?
How do you like your steak cooked? And what else will be in your meal?
What should you feel guilty about, but don’t?
Reddit, what is the one thing that another person can do that annoys you even though its completely reasonable thing to do?
What is your preferred method of travel (drive, fly, boat)?
How do you tell a chick you wanna crack her nut shell?
Trolls of Reddit how come y'all think that y'all can re ask the same question that somebody originally asked on here expecting the same results and if you do not get those results you delete it and repost every 20 minutes??
Military members of Reddit, why did you join, was it worth it, and do you have any stories worth sharing?
What would be the pizza you suggest I order and why?
Reddit, what are your funniest jokes?(yes dad jokes are allowed)
What is something that you know that you think everyone shouldn't know?
What subreddit will allow me to sell my social media page?
How did your SO ask you out (or vice versa)?
If you were sent to Jail, what is the most likely law you broke?
/u/AutoModerator on Answer this question by saying any answer to any question you can think of, but don’t say the question you are answering.
What was the trashiest thing you've seen ever at a supermarket?
A coton swab just penetrated my ear like really deep. Should i go to the doctor?
What is your favorite guilty pleasure song? Is there a reason why?
Women of Reddit, do you like being fantasized about in the work place by men, and if so or jot, explain why?
What's the most confusing thing your pet has ever done?
What would future archeologists be puzzled by?
What made you lose hope in humanity?
Nutritionist of reddit, is coffee an appetite suppressant?
If the afterlife is some kind of ground hog day where you could choose one day to relive over and over, what day would you choose to live?
Bus/taxi/Uber drives of Reddit, what is the strangest thing that has happened to you during your shift?
[Serious] What is the proudest moment of your life?
Grandchildren of Reddit, what was the weirdest/coolest story your grandparents have ever told you?
What is a gross thing on an airplane that you wish people would stop doing?
Store Workers of Reddit, How can be make your day better?
In the year 3000, your most upvoted Reddit comment has become the most sacred of religious texts. How does this play out?
Why did the chicken cross the road?
What was that one weird kid in your school notorious for doing?
Tradespeople of Reddit, would you recommend the trade you're in to someone else?
Doom slayer vs the Empire from star wars who would win?
What is a unique spot to have a hidden room in your house?
My name is Hugh Jass what’s yours?
Redditors with relationship experience, how did you get over your first “in love” relationship that didn’t work out?
Parents of Reddit, what do you hate the most about your child?
Who is your favorite singer/songwriter and what is their genre?
[Serious] You are now chairman of the Central Committee of Earth. How do you go about to prevent the worsening of climate change?
People of Reddit, what are the characteristics of good/bad leader.
Considering all of our lives are tv shows for aliens and we die when our shows get low ratings/cancelled, why hasn’t your show been cancelled?
Scariest moment you’ve had in a video game that made you jump?
If you could kill one person without any consequences who would it be?
Reddit, what is the strangest compliment you got from a stranger?
Older people of Reddit, what do you wish you had done when you were younger (teenage years, 20’s, etc) , that is essentially “too late” to do now?
Straight people of Reddit, what's the gayest thing you've ever done?
What mind-blowing fact did you learn in school, that you still remember to this day?
As a kid, you probably had an idea of what you wanted to be when you grew up, so how did you end up doing?
Unemployed people of Reddit, how do you keep your sanity during prolonged periods of unemployment?
How do you blow up on YouTube?
I caught a mouse in a humane trap and it proceeded to give birth to 4 babies. What do I do? I’ve already put it in an old hamster cage with a box of food and water?
What are some funny/silly expressions that you have heard?
Humans of Reddit, Have your ever questioned if you are actually the bad person in a situation? If Yes, how did you come to this realization?
Would you rather eat 💩 that tastes like your favorite food or be able to eat your favorite food but the after taste tastes like 💩? Mention why you chose your choice.
I am a Vegetarian (whole life) who wants to try Meat ONCE in his lifetime. What food would you recommend?
Hey Reddit, what's the weirdest pickup line you used or saw that actually worked?
You know how Bi people are 50% Gay 50% straight right? So if Thanos wiped out every gay person in the universe just say would the 50% of gayness in Bi people dissapear and make them 100% straight, and the same if it's the other way around? What are your thoughts?
Teatchers of reddit what was one time you knew you where wrong and didn’t care?
What do you think of Africa, and why?
Dear Reddit, what is your favourite font?
[Serious] How to make your death easier for your loved ones?
Do you guys poop in the shower? If yes, why?
Reddit, What misconceptions have movies made for society?
Why don’t liberals like FACTS and LOGIC?
what is your least favorite video game / bored game?
What is a Trade that is a good alternative from College? One that has the potential to make someone successful?
Any tips for stimulating my partner's prostate?
Old People of Reddit: What cassette or album did you love for having a distinctive appearance?
Who would be the best new sith lord from an amusement standpoint, from any real or fictional universe?
If all of a sudden you could never sleep again(never tired), what would you do with all those hours?
What's the best way to describe your major without mentioning it's name ?
“What” small addition makes a “thing” way, way better?
People of reddit what is the most illegal thing you know?
What's the strangest thing you've seen in public?
Women: What is a quality that is not a requirement, but is definitely a plus when it comes to the men you like?
What are some subreddits that might be able to tell me the type of snake that was able to slither underneath my home this morning?
How did you get introduced to Reddit?
How do people check if specific questions/memes are reposts?
If you woke up tomorrow with $50,000 deposited in your account with no strings attached, what would you do with it?
Hey reddit i have a qeustion for u guys what is ure worst fast food experience
What person has a name that adequately describes their life?
What are the traits that only the older kids in the family have?
What’s the most scared you’ve ever been?
What TV show did you enjoy watching as a kid, but enjoy even more as an adult because you actually "get" the jokes?
You’re allowed to choose everything you want about your next life. It can also take place in any point in time that you want it to (the year 1990, for example.) What do you choose?
What was the craziest thing y'all have ever seen?
What is the best ice cream flavor? Why?
Why do you dislike BTS (OP is on your side)?
Ladies, what are some cute, innocent things guys do unintentionally that you find hella attractive?
Wrong Answers Only: What do you just love about Women?
I’m watching the Naked Gun. What ever happened to OJ Simpson’s acting career.
Boyfriend cries before he sleeps but doesn’t feel sad.
In honor of Father's day (US) what is your favorite memory with your father or father figure? Also Fathers what is your favorite memory with your kids?
What's your best "you have been caught lacking" moment?
What is the most awful song you have ever heard?
How did you manage to free your creativity?
What is the best way to describe the internet?
What’s the term for when you tell someone they did or said something in the past in a convincing manner so they are unsure if they did even though originally they were sure they had not?
Do those that are in an open relationship identify as poly sexual?
Should I include something personal on letter of consideration if it’s relevant to the job?
People of Reddit, when was the last time you died?
What are some good examples of the manipulation of adults by children in your life?
How Do Early Retirees In The FIRE Movement Handle Healthcare?
Do you have a story that happened in your life that could be made into a movie? If so, what’s the story line?
Students of reddit, how do you stop procrastinating?
Could Captain Ginyu's body have belonged to someone else before appearing in DBZ? If so what do you think he looked like before or how many times do you think he changed body's?
What’s your best “I told you so” story?
What will be a big problem in two years that is not a big problem today?
Where is my super suit (Please I’m in a hurry)?
Linguists of Reddit, it possible to teach a language to a person (hypothetically with a fully developed brain) who absolutely knows nothing? If so, how?
What have you totally converted to, and why?
LGBT Redditors, what's the funniest reaction you got when you came out to somebody?
What situation you were the absolute wrong side in ?
Are notzc.com and other "clearance" websites a scam? I saw it from a friend on twitter (private account so no reason to fool anyone besides the gullible) and of course was interested. I this a legit site made by North Face or a scam?
What is your "EDC" (every day carry)?
If you could live in a video game setting, which game would you choose?
Where can I find the settings on reddit?
[Serious]Redditors who have done an ancestry test, other than revealing cheating, have there been any big negatives to your life because of it?
Dear botanists and hobby gardeners of reddit, how do I replant my friends orchid from regular potting soil into substrate for orchids?
Who deserve a lot of fame but they aren't famous today?
What’s the most annoying thing your roommates / family members do constantly
What are you still embarrassed about to this very day?
How is Long John Silvers still in business?
Whats the stupidest thing you ever did that you thought was okay when you did it but not now when you look back at it?
Bilingual people of Reddit, what is your favorite word of your second language?
What are some tips for teenagers can learn so they can one dat afford their dream car?
Referees of reddit what are some moments of insanity you’ve seen from parents?
What would you do on a different planet?
What would you do when you were mad as a kid?
Fellow Americans of reddit, what do you think of Detroit, people from Detroit or the metro Detroit / state of Michigan?
If you had the biggest military in the world, what would you do?
Would you rather get an upvote or a comment, and why?
What's the book that changed your mind about reading on a regular base?
What is happening between iran and the US?
What is the funniest Goodbye email you have seen from a co-worker?
What’s the worst experience you’ve had with someone?
How to fuck a pencil sharpener without alerting your sister next room. It's a prank
What is the worst thing you've ever said to someone?
What subreddit did you sub to and then immediately unsub to? Why?
What do you want to talk about?
What was the highlight of your day, good or bad and if bad hope we can help :)
What Disney character did you have a crush on as a child and why?
I have $5 to spend on ebay tonight, what is THE thing i should get?
Reddit becomes a continent with subreddits as countries. What happens?
How do I improve my social skills as a sperg? Are there any books I can read or tutorials I can watch?
What did you honestly think of the new Aladdin?
Who is the most underrated person in history?
People who couldn't see certain colors before, but can now, what was your reaction to first seeing them?
Redditors who play video games, what’s the funniest thing that you’ve ever done when playing a game?
Whats your Cringiest "this is Patrick!!1" moment yet?
What's the worst aspect of your job?
Is it cannibalism if you eat a mermaid?
Mothers who were perfectionists when they had children, how did this affect your life?
What is the most awful and disgusting thing you've done?
What video game franchise do you think should receive a LEGO version?
In a zombie apocalypse, what zombie would you not really care to die to?
[Serious] Christians, do you share the gospel with others? How do you feel about converting people?
Does anyone elses tip of their dick hit the toilet rim when pooping?
People of Reddit, who’s your favorite musician. Why?
People who have won the lottery, what was the first thing you bought?
What's something you would post on Reddit but not on Facebook?
What's the funniest thing you've done with talktotransformer.com?
People who are divorced, how do you remain friends with your ex-spouse?
Target workers of Reddit, what was your most remarkable interaction during the till outage this weekend?
What’s the funniest names you ever heard?
You know how fingers get pruney from water and moisture, well just HOW pruney can fingers get? Is there a limit?What would that look like?
If you're feeling down in yourself, what's something that a friend could do that would help?
If you were another person, would you date yourself? Why or why not?
Is it okay to write thank you letters a year after receiving the gift?
[Serious] What is your source for news? Apps or sites or RSS or any other?
What time of day do you enjoy smoking cigarettes?
Those of you in your 20’s who don’t like to be in the drinking and partying scene, what nightly/weekend activities do you enjoy doing?
What is one of the best examples of a power move that you’ve seen?
If your dog could talk, what famous actor/actress (or character they voiced) would voice them?
Are those people who walk around asking others if they want a newspaper/magazine subscription legit? Like the people who say they are doing it for school or charity or a college scholarship.
Redditors of Reddit who are Redditors with Reddit account, what are some of the best things to respond "your mom" to?
[SERIOUS] People who were against weed lagalization but now live in legalized states or countries, how is it, what changed?
Have you ever been in a clip in a documentary?
Am I acting entitled, or did this come with some strings.
What did the kindest stranger ever do to you?
What do you feel about current World situations?
Redditors who’s parents became rich while growing up, did things change for you?
What song would you use to describe your life?
Redditers who were born on Dec 25th - how do you celebrate both your birthday and Christmas?
What fact never fails to amaze you?
What's a show that you initially hated, but wound up enjoying once you watched a few episodes?
People who where born on 9/11, how do you celebrate your brithday?
Does anyone actually prefer cookies with m&amp;m's over standard chocolate chip cookies?
What is something you wanted to see but never saw?
Reddit Adults, what are some things you found hard to do transitioning into adulthood?
Why is it acceptable to cast a colored person in a white character's role but not the other way around?
Hunters of Reddit, what's the creepiest thing you've had happen in the woods?
What do you really want to do, but always put off due to procrastination?
What is your relationship status(single, in relationship or complicated)?
What was your “What i’m doing is wrong” moment?
[SERIOUS] How to signal high value to management in an office?
How did you get over a medical fear?
If you had time to ask your Grandma anything before she passed, what would it be?
Students of Reddit,what are the best paranoia(game) questions you have heard?
If Dogs had the internet, what would their clickbait ads say?
What’s something that everyone loves but you hate or vice versa?
What's a good paying job with surprisingly low entry requirements?
What was the funniest trait you had as a kid?
People of Reddit what was your `` That could’ve been me ‘‘ moment
Women, do you prefer men cut or uncut? Or does it not matter?
What’s one change you can make in your diet that will have a noticeable impact on your health/how you feel?
What’s something you where scared of when you were a child but as you got older is not?
Why do I always get either a bad haircut or the exact same haircut? Am I expecting too much, or does my hair just suck?
I think my friend that I've known for more than 10 years has a thing for me... how do I ask him if he does without making things weird?
What is your craziest experience, that actually happened, but is so unlikely nobody believes it?
What “more expensive” option is actually worth it?
Can someone be addicted to smoking pot? Why or why not?
Janitor of Reddit, what was something you found out about i.e scandals, secret relationship, etc. that was happened when you were cleaning?
if everyone on the earth disappeared right now. What would you do?
What do you want more people to understand?
What song is stuck in your head right now?
Former inmates of reddit, what are seemingly innocent words that have a much deeper meaning in prison.
People who have gotten seriously injured what's the stort
What is the latest juicy piece of drama that happened in your family/workplace/school ?
IT guys, what’s the dumbest problem you get over and over again?
For those who don't believe in the supernatural, what's your most supernatural experience?
What's a question you would like to ask someone of another political party?
Am I the only one who thinks a freshly opened pack of cigarettes smells like raisins?
How common is it for parents with special needs children to neglect their able-bodied children?
When did you realize that you're in the right/wrong proffession?
Can someone put this to music? It needs a soundtrack!! TIA https://www.facebook.com/noreen.k.donnell/videos/10150851202147665/
If we apply everything in minecraft into real life, what would happen? And how would you deal with it?
Which Guinness world records you think you can beat?
If gravity is the force that pulled an object to the center, why does the earth move away from the sun not toward it?
Teachers of Reddit, has there been a situation where you scolded a student for something he didn't do? What happened next?
What’s a hype/wave you still don’t fully understand?
Looking to add some songs to my playlist... what are your favorite/best workout songs?
What is the craziest thing you have ever done for school?
What is the most interesting thing you know and most people don't?
Minecrafters of reddit, what platform do you play on?
What’s something dumb you have done that is strangely relatable?
What's something that seems like common sense, but most people don't realize?
Cleaners of Reddit: how do you remove the soap scum and water residue from glass shower screens?
Redditors of Reddit, what is the most satisfying "No." you ever said? How did that happen?
About to go camping with some friends, anyone know some good ghost stories?
Which news story shocked you to the core?
What was one thing you wish you could've done with your pet before they passed away?
How’d it feel like to get a medal?
why do prostitutes count towards your kill count?
What's your million dollar idea that you'll probably never follow up on?
Laptop users of reddit, just how often do you seem to shutdown your system?
What's the best "Don't tell Mom/Dad" moment that you shared with your other parent?
What is the best throw you have ever hit
[Serious] “Racists” of Reddit, what’s your reasoning for not liking people because of their ethnicity?
For my chemistry final, I am allowed to take notes on ONE SIDE a 3x5in index card. I can type, but am not allowed to collapse paper and the like to get more space than the 15square inches. How would YOU maximize space?
[SERIOUS]So my Grandma died on June 26, 2017, which just so happens to be my birthday. Any tips to commemorate her and her memory while enjoying my birthday?
What controversial or weird graphic t-shirt do you wish you could pull off wearing in public?
Girls of Reddit, what’s the best compliment a guy could possibly give you?
What are some great books/movies, that more people should know about?
What are some stories you have about encountering the paranormal?
You are given a billion dollars, but all the special forces in the world are hunting you down, what will you do?
Reddit, what is a way to determine, via cell signals, who is-let’s say, hiding behind a tree and watching porn with me, I wanna know who this
What is your opinion on Turkish people ?
What would be a good syndrome or disease to have?
How long before European countries will have to start cloning new babies?
Moderates of Reddit: What do you like and dislike about political parties?
What is easy to understand but difficult to explain?
What's the best thing that almost happened to you, but didn't?
I see it in the news occasionally and it’s happened again recently but I always wonder, how the hell do people fall off cruise ships?
What did someone say that changed your life?
Why do people in power appoint 'yes-men' rather than competent people who may offer better advice? What is it about people that this keeps happening?
Besides political subreddits, what are some of the most toxic and controversial subreddits out there?
Who are the A-List Actors/Actresses of Europe, Japan, China, Russia, ect?
What is the best thing money can buy right now?
What is one thing someone did that made your whole class cringe?
Is a bidet the best thing ever?
Why should a citizen face consequences for murder when their leader can illegally drop a nuke onto another country without consequences to their own freedom?
How long before people get a new toothbrush?
what are some subreddits for posting funny texts or convos with other redditors?
What was your favorite stuffex animal growing up? What made them your favorite?
Parents of Reddit: What is the most difficult challenge that you have encountered as a parent?
Let’s settle this. What’s better? Cats or dogs? Why?
Your parents with teens, are you the hot mom or is your wife the hot mom? Have you ever caught your kid’s friends staring?
Dear Redditors, if you were to go blind the next day, what would be some of things you'd like to see before lost your vision?
What is the most annoying thing about your language (Grammar,Spelling,etc...)
What is something that people don't know is blown way out of proportion?
People who work in forests or areas which are far from civilization , what are the strangest things you've witnessed?
What the most potentially embarrassing situation you barely dodged?
Would you rather live a short life full of joy or a long life full of pain and why?
5 minutes left on the death bed, what should he said before it's too late?
No problem with gays. Why do lesbians hate men so much?
What’s a plot twist that you actually did not see coming?
To anyone who has gone through therapy or received encouraging words during a tough time: what’s the one thing someone told you that changed your mentality for good?
What is something expensive that no one should buy?
What book are you surprised hasn't been made into a video game yet?
Is the use of the word "partner" in a straight relationship a form of appropriation? Why do you feel it is or is not?
Why do people come to ask reddit to simple questions they can google the majority of the time?
Besides YouTube, what has been ruined by news media?
USA Redditors: What actual difference have seen in your own life with the change of Democratic/Republican control?
What's something you just can't imagine yourself doing?
What is something so simple yet it took you forever to learn?
What’s your ideal penis size in a measurement other than metric or imperial?
former employees/soldiers at area 51, what is something that you are allowed to tell from your time thaere?
What subject do you know a lot about but isn’t well known?
What did you eat the last time you had a very very unhealthy breakfast?
[Serious] Redditors, What is your ideal breakfast and why?
What’s the creepiest encounter you’ve had with a stranger?
People of reddit, what was the wierdest encounter youve ever had with your friends parents?
If you could choose someone to narrate your life, who would it be?
What are some good, less spoken about, survival tips that could save your life someday?
[Serious] What poor or ill-advised strategy has actually worked pretty well for you?
what is the worst thing your parents have seen when they walked in on you with someone else?
To those who are from countries whose flags are difficult to draw, how were you taught to draw your flag when you were a kid?
People with braces, what are your everyday struggles?
Will having a SO gives you motivation in life? Why?
What was the worst thing one of your siblings have ever done to you?
What is the weirdest thing you've seen happen in a yoga class?
What was your worst pregnancy scare? How did you react?
What made you get into a relationship soon after ending another one?
Does a straw have one or two holes?
What was the make and Model of your First Car? Was it the car you wanted?
For those who enjoy what you do for a living... What do you do and how did you get into that career field? Did you know (beforehand) you wanted to this or was it kind of unexpected?
For you, which group of today will be The Beetles of tomorrow ?
Which famous historical figure would you give a wedgie and why?
Employees of Reddit, what is the best thing your manager has ever done for you?
Why are people always saying my mom and not our mom?
You just roared loudly and proudly like a lion, loud enough for everyone in the 15 mile radius to hear you. What is the outcome?
What are some recent positive news stories/events that more people should know about?
What's the dumbest thing someone has told you?
What's something you could talk about for hours without getting tired?
Who is the most remembered person in history?
Military people: if you were dropped with a team of other military people from various branches into an "Alone" type survival contest, would the team be likely to agree to form a hierarchy based on rank? Why or why not?
Anime watchers of Reddit, what got you into it?
We always talk about saving Earth because of the life it has to offer. On the flipside, what are some of Earth's mild inconveniences?
What are your favourite positive/ wholesome subreddits?
How to spend 30 mins on a busy road in the most amazing way?
Teachers of reddit, what is your best instant karma moment?
What are your favorite and least favorite charities to donate to?
Why do thousands of people go missing every year at national parks? If they don't die, where do they go?
What is your "Why the f*ck didn't I get fired?" ?
What is a sub that you don't understand that you wish you were a part of?
What’s something realistic that’s probably never been done before in the entire existence of humanity?
What's a shockingly underpaid job that people seem to push people towards?
What is the last thing you bought that was so bad you asked for a refund?
What children’s movie bring you to tears every time?
CCleaner Pro 5.58 Crack With Serial Key Free Download 2019?
Have you ever had a public freakout occur in your life?
Who else’s mirror is fogged up when they get out of the shower?
What are some movies you love despite or because of how bad or cheesy they are?
In what moment were you most disappointed in your partner?
If after death you could see one stat of your life, what would it be and why?
Have you ever found something that you weren’t looking for?
What cosmetic surgery do you think makes people look way worse?
What is worse, being left on read or having the other person connected but not answering?
What are some tips introverts have used when having to present in front of a large crowd to make it easier?
Hi, English person here. What is the point of hooters? Why does it exist? How do you go there and not feel incredibly uncomfortable? I don't get it, enlighten me?
Tattoo artists of Reddit, beside artistic or technical difficulties, what are the reason(s) why you ever refused to execute a design?
Reddit, what are your go-to flight mode games?
People who quit a job because of a client, what happend?
How wrong it is to being born white?
If you could only eat one thing for the rest of your life. What would it be?
Is it weird to go to a concert by your self
Based from your life experiences, what do you hate most and how did you overcome it?
What's a song that you chose to put on a playlist, but always skip?
Who is the most influential person of the 20th century?
What was the weirdest thing you've seen but no one believes you?
What’s the best comeback towards a guy making fun of another guy for enjoying “fruity” drinks?
Whats seen as OK for a girl to do but not ok for a girl to do?
What's one story you've wanted to tell that you haven't yet?
[Serious] What is something inexpensive everyone should purchase in bulk?
Travelers of reddit, what's the strangest thing you've seen abroad?
Current/Prior Car Salesman of Reddit, what sale did your boss try to push that you knew was going to screw someone over?
what looks good in anime but would look terrible in real life?
What a funny story happened to you since school / university?
Ladies, do long nails make it harder to finger you?
What is the worst side-effect you've experienced from someone else's problems or mistakes?
Reddit, what's the most random fact/statistic that you know for no reason?
What do you do to get rid of a bone? (When in public)
What are some tips to draw quadratic graphs accurately?
This is for the people that want to censor speech here in America. Do you think we should go back and censor rap music?
What are some good truth or dare questions to use on friends?
Parents of Reddit- do you regret having children? Why or why not?
If we created a pill that increases your lifespan to 500yrs, why or why not would you take it?
Retirees of Reddit, what do you look forward to each day?
What is an event from your childhood that has no significance at all, but you remember vividly?
Landlords of Reddit, what was the worst experience you have had with a tenant?
Police officers of reddit, which police vehicle was/is your favorite and why?
Which words need to be retired as soon as possible?
What do you do to cheer yourself up?
What's the best gut decision you've made?
Reddit what is bothering you, any problem big or small?
What's the most overrated state in the U.S.?
Whats the biggest waste of money you can think of ?
What is the real life equivalent of "task failed successfully"?
Do tall skinny guys feel vulnerable because of how exposed their crotch is?
If you could have a dragon as a pet, how would you name him/her?
What ridiculous things do you have to do at work because your boss is an idiot?
2D Animators of Reddit, wath are your best tips for someone who wants to start studying 2D animation?
John Carpenter fans of Reddit, help me come up with ideas for a completely fan created Halloween movie!
Water fromthe tap in the kitchen or from the bathroom?
What social norms do you dislike following?
Why guys are obsessed with girls with daddy issues, what's so great about them?
What is something people don’t worry about but really should?
People not from the US, what's your opinion American accents?
[serious] what does giving birth actually feel like? Physically and mentally?
What is the most awkward situation you've been stuck in while at a movie theater?
Dear Moderators of any subreddit or game, in what strange way did you become a moderator?
How do you tell if it's a kink or you're just really horny?
What is something gross or unusual that a friend/family member does that they think no one knows about, but you know and don't mention it because you don't want it to be awkward?
What are some everyday/ordinary stuff you would do as a chaotic good with supernatural powers?
Voice over artists of Reddit: what are some good things to record in a first-timer's demo reel?
What's your "damn dude that's weird" customer story?
What imaginary word with its definition do you want to be in the dictionary?
What is the worst thing that someone you loved has said to you?
Interfaith couples, how do you address the religious differences between you and your s/o? To the married interfaith couples, do your religious differences impact how you raise your kids, if at all?
What are the things u wish u knew before going to college?
People of reddit who got in trouble because of some of 4chan’s fake propaganda, what happened?
What mental games do you play to keep you motivated or to accomplish a task you must complete?
Any features you would like like to add up in Reddit?
When was the last time you jumped, and why?
People who have a memory of being in the womb, what was it like?
What will it take for you to get out there and protest?(Serious)
If you could change your username, what would you change it to?
A girlfriend is on their monthly cycle. What should they be fed to keep them happy?
What is the most recent video/meme/post that made you laugh like you're about to die?
What are the best truths in a game of truth or dare?
Why do some women have incredibly loose vaginas while others are too tight to penetrate without hurting them?
Why many girls like bad guys that eventually let them down?
What musical genre have been born recently ?
What historical fact about your country you found out not to be true later in life?
Who is the most famous human ever?
Why are young Christians in the West losing their religion, while Muslim young people remain with strongly with their religion?
What is the strangest thing you can buy on the internet without any special licences, paper work, etc, beyond setting up an account with the website?
SJWs of Reddit, you all talk about how Islam is good and call people out for being Islamaphobes, why don't you do the same thing for Jews?
Americans of Reddit, describe your home state in just four words.
What's something you use "not for it's intended purpose" but it works so well?
What is the male equivalent to a 'Karen' and what would their name be?
People who grew up in unstable countries but no longer live in that country, what are some things about living in a stable society that most people take for granted?
How do people work 20+ years in the same grocery store?
What did someone do that left you speechless?
How do you hit on a girl at the gym without seeming like a creep?
What's a good movie I should watch tonight?
What trend do you wish that would never make a comeback?
You are given a choice of killing one evil person, or bringing back one innocent kind loving person. Who would it be and why.
What was the weirdest thing a doctor or other medical pro did to you?
What is the most coincidental thing that has happened to you?
What do you predict would be the best part of being in your 80s or 90s?
What’s a random fact every one should know ?
People who have partaken in using ayahuasca, What was your experience like? And how did it affect you afterwards?
Chefs of reddit, why’re you angry all the time?
Animal workers of Reddit: tell me stories of the craziest/weirdest people you've met
i want to know why the masses adore the Air Jordan brand so much? And why do people blindly buy anything and everything with the Jumpman logo on? Tell me why it’s such a good brand?
My office has $1200 left to spend by the end of the day. What should we get?
What disappointed you the most when you grew older?
People of Reddit, what would you do if your best friend died?
What was the grossest meal your family made regularly?
poison control operators, what is the one call you'll never forget?
Is “committing” suicide a punishable offense by any means? If not, why treat it as though it is?
What is something you do that you hope everybody else does too so that you aren't weird?
Samsung Galaxy S10 Glass screen protector, is there one that actually works yet?
What was the big thing that happened in your High School?
Americans, what country did your family originate from?
What are the best subreddits for athletes (nutrition, training etc.)?
What's the worst answer to the question "What is your favorite book?"?
People of reddit who have experienced a night terror. What was your experience(s) like?
You walk in on somebody masturbating but can only respond in video game quotes. What do you say?
what does the last text message you sent or received say?
Where to ask for reviewing HTML, CSS as well as web page design by other web developers online?
What part of adulthood you weren't ready for?
If life was like a RPG, what would be the best perk for being max level?
What makes you get out of bed in the morning, and makes every day worthwhile?
Who do you think was responsible for the Max Headroom broadcast takeover?
Not including the opposite gender or people, what are some normally liked things that you personally don't like.
So, what about the things you don't know YOU DONT KNOW?
[Serious] What are you buying online right now?
What game in your opinion has the most immersive world?
If life was an RPG, what are some skills you unlock as you progress?
People of Reddit, what (in your opinion) is the best way to get over nerves for an interview?
Have you figured out your personal meaning of life yet? If so, what is it?
What juicy gossip did you find about other people?
what’s the funniest thing you’ve seen caught on a security camera/doorbell?
My girlfriend used to be bi and i dont know what to do?
What did you like about your high school crush?
People of Reddit, how did you find out that Santa wasn’t real?
What wildly popular thing in your city have you not visited?
What movie does everyone else love, but you hate?
What's a Toy series probably no one remembers?
What’s the weirdest shower thoughts you’ve ever had
What’s the most bizarre thing that’s happened during one of your sports games?
On a scale of Werther’s Original to overstuffed bean burrito, how easily could your psyche just fall apart?
What's the weirdest conversation you've ever accidentally overheard?
Make up your own new name of a day of the week and month of the year?
What’s the most unique name from someone you’ve met?
TV show reccomendations (other than breaking bad and prison break)??
People who speak other languages, what English phrases are used in different languages?
What's the worst and best gift that you've ever received?
People of reddit that were in school during Columbine, did your school take any measures? What was the impact like?
Songs that make you feel… Weird? Intense?
What do you usually do right before you go to bed?
[SERIOUS] If you could say one thing to Etika before he committed suicide, what would it be?
What’s the one thing you feel so passionate about and wish people would listen and try to understand?
What is the shortest Reddit comment to receive reddit gold?
Single fathers of Reddit, what's your story?
Night hikers of reddit what is the weirdest shit you’ve seen ?
If Minecraft logic applied to real life, what would be the first thing you would want to do?
Have you ever met someone that was going to end up murdered? Or maybe a death of someone you knew that looks suspicious to you?
What’s the best way to browse the dark web?
When was a moment when you were low that a friend(s) stuck by you?
Waiters and Waitresses of Reddit. Why is it a thing to jokingly say "no" when someone asks for something?
Who was the last YouTuber you discovered?
What is the saddest/worst thing that ever happened to you?
What actor (other than Alec Baldwin) do you think would be best to portray Trump in a biopic?
Gamers of Reddit, Have you ever had a recurring rival while playing on multiplayer? What's your story?
Intellectuals of Reddit, what are some jokes some of your friends just can't comprehend?
What is something you can ask your partner now that you wouldn't be able to on a first date?
What do you think of Kim Kardashian studying to take the bar exam in order to become a lawyer?
Hospital workers of reddit, what was a "how the f**k is this person still alive" moment you experienced?
What is the most sexual thing that happens in your workplace?
People who checked footage for the cameras in supermarkets, what's the weirdest or most strange things you've seen on camera?
What song was stuck in your head today?
What reasons would complain about/send back food at a restaurant,or that you ordered via delivery?
When is the worst time to get the giggles?
When people come to you for help, what do they usually want help with?
If you have the choice, which song would you want to be the last song you hear before you died and why?
What do you miss the most about a previous relationship?
What’s the best experience of your life?
Who makes a better husband, a virgin or someone who's had a lot of sex?
What's the most important thing you've learned about yourself in the past 5 years?
You recieve a call from the principal and tells you that your child has been in trouble, what did he do and what action was taken?
How to tell if somebody cares about you or just wants to stir up drama?
Was anyone in LAX Airport on June 25th 2009?
What is your favorite mission or quest in a video game?
What song is stuck in your head right now?
People of reddit, what were ways you got motivation to loose weight and keep it up?
Runaway stabilizer procedure on non Boeing 737
For those who have been cheated on, how long did it take you to trust again?
How to make a scheme for having a call from a certain person, about anything ?
How did the U.S. become so powerful?
People of reddit how has your day been?
What could be invented to make life easier?
[Serious] People on Reddit, those who had bad parents or those who were abandoned or those who ran away from home, what is your story?
What would be the main cause for the world to come to an end?
Redditors with a physical disability, what are some of your daily annoyances and obstacles that nondisabled people don't think about?
What groups of people are the worst at recognizing satire?
Why are people who overthrew bad dictators considered evil themselves?
Cast Members of Reddit, what was the worst experience you’ve had with guests at Disneyland or Disney world?
What is your favorite quotation that motivates you to keep moving forward in life?
What video-game song gives you the most nostalgic feels overall?
What music makes you feel nostalgic and empty inside?
Do people who study history ever leave college or do they just go directly from graduating to teaching the very class they just took?
How much money do you have in your pocket right now?
What’s the whitest thing you’ve seen someone do that’s not white?
What's the most creative way you can answer this question?
What’s something that’s wrong in the Bible (disproved by science) but most ignore?
Florida people of Reddit, what are your personal "Florida Man" stories?
Is having children fulfilling? In an otherwise seemingly meaningless world.
What’s the worst way your employment has been terminated?
What exists in this world solely to piss us off?
Investors of reddit, what is your investment strategy?
Cat on Reddit, what's the dumbest things that human did to you ?
If we're all in Subreddits, what is the main Reddit?
People without college degrees. What interesting job did you manage to acquire? And do you like the job?
What is something that we do today that was people living 100 years ago wouldn’t even understand?
What is the stupidest thing you’ve ever done for love?
What is your "I see this as an absolute win" moment?
People who have immigrated to a different state or country, how has the new place treated you? Do you ever regret the move or do you never want to go back to your place of origin?
Ex- non-racists of Reddit...what made you change your mind?
Music listeners of Reddit, what budget (&lt;$50) headphones/earbuds/brands would you recommend?
People who were bullied, how did you get revenge on your bullies?
Does the amazon app buy things when not in use, has this happened to anyone else?
To All Dad Of Reddit : What do you actually want for father’s day?
Viewer's of TV show "CHERNOBYL" , I started watching this show yesterday and the only thing bugging me is that, the show somehow protrayed people bleeding from the radiation(or for whatever reason). Does, exposing to any radioactive element cause the person to bleed and die immediately?
You have been granted one wish by the douchebag genie. He takes advantage of people's poor wording to screw them up. What do you wish for?
What is the best university in the world?
Do you prefer desktop Reddit or mobile Reddit? And why?
[serious] People who have expirinced something paranormal or supernatural, whats ur story?
People of reddit: how would you stop the sea level from rising?
The government is giving you $1000 per dirty secret you sell to them about all the neighbors in your community—So who did what and who’s sleeping with who?
What is your "Bad Date/Great Sex" or "Great Date/Bad Sex" story?
What sounds from your old job still make you react the same way in everyday life?
What was your worst Tinder date experience?
What is the weirdest thing you have heard a little kid mispronounce?
how do you know if you already came to love the person you like? (sorry for my bas english)
What is the Deacon Jones Head Slap?
LGBT people of reddit, when did you realize that you weren't straight?
Guys of Reddit who won a fight agains their SO. What was it about and how did you won?
What is something that you hate the taste of but everyone else loves?
When did you know that you had feelings for your significant other/ your partner?
People who have toxic parents. What makes them toxic to you?
Without saying what the category is, what are your top three?
Where would you safely hide in case of world war III?
What was the worst birthday present you've ever got?
What is the worst question(s) asked on this sub?
What is the most disastrous thing you've seen happen that was caused by someone elses bad handwriting?
Sunbathing topless - Yes or No? Is it just a white European thing when on vacation by the beach or pool? Do you girls dare to bare or not and what influences your decision (location, religion or culture, who you're with, peer pressure, desire for an all over tan, body / boobs shape and size etc)
Your body will be cryogenically frozen, and come back to life after 500 years. What would you first ask after you wake up?
Have you ever met an illegal immigrant from a developed country? What happened to them?
What’s a movie you’ll never get tired of?
What is your experience with toxic friends?
People of color on reddit, do you like The Beatles?
Find someone to talk to, Why do you feel lonely?
What thing never fails to put a smile on your face?
People of Reddit who have suffered from doing good, what's your story?
Tomorrow is my 18th birthday and I’m all alone, what should I do?
Guys, what are some signs to look for that a woman is good in bed?
What is the first item on your desk, how many streetlights are on your street, what thread count are your sheets, what color is the car next door and what is your favorite way to cook broccoli?
What's something that when you purchase it you think "I'll never have to buy that again"?
Men who have been circumcised later in life, how has changed?
What popular artist/band did “you discover“ before anyone else?
How did your gut feeling save you out of a sticky situation?
Who's the final boss of the internet in 2019?
Did you made a person smile today?
You've just become an omniscient, omnipresent, omnipotent god. What's the first thing you do?
What is the best way to deal with gossips?
what are some must watch movies/series from your country?
The world has adopted barter system. What's the most valuable thing you have and what will you trade it for?
If you reflect on one classically scary horror movie is there a certain aspect you realize is actually very comical?
How to Connect Samsung Printer to WiFi Router?
Why would anyone not support equal rights women and the LGBT in this day in age?
People of Reddit, what is the piece of media that touched you most deeply?
What advice would you give future you?
People of Reddit with schizophrenia, when did it start? What was your worst experience so far? How do people treat you? Tell your story!!
People of Reddit, when did you realise that your dick can do more then just peeing?
Have you ever been to a wedding where anyone has spoken up during the ceremony to say that a couple shouldn't get married? If so, what happened?
If there was one mental habit of yours that you could fully extinguish, what would it be?
People who had their "legal" wedding on a different day than their wedding "ceremony," what one do you use to celebrate your anniversary on?
People of Reddit, what do you want?
What is something that everyone should know before having sex for the first time?
What happens if you go on a survival course - and you don't pass?
Has there ever been a moment where a song comes on that perfectly describes the situation you were in?
What are some of your reject stories?
What are some pretentious things chefs/foodies do?
What movie or tv scene always makes you laugh?
What Copy/Pasta is even worse when combined together?
When did you know you deserved your death?
What's the weirdest thing you found at a friend's house?
What is something you've always wanted to try?
What's the worst way to wake someone up?
(22F) I’ve been awake for 3 days straight, insomnia is killing me. I’ve masturbated almost a dozen times and I’m still wide awake. So if I’m gonna be up, feel free to ask me anything you want
How do you quietly end a friendship with someone who’s not necessarily being mean or doing horrible things to you?
There's a bomb on a bus. Once the bus goes fifty miles an hour the bomb is armed, if it drops below fifty it blows up. What do you do?
Ex addicts, how is life different now you are clean?
How bad is Taco Bell if you have chronic pancreatitis?
What is something you would eat but wouldn't want to touch with your hands?
Cops of reddit: What was your spookiest stalking case?
If you closed your eyes and tried to type out everything you hear without opening them, what would it say?
Falsely imprisoned of Reddit, what did it feel like being charged guilty?
What is that one video that you wish you could forget?
If you had all the money, talent, and time in the world, what game or video game would you make
Mcdonalds workers, why is your ice cream machine always broken?
What was your best memory from 2018?
People who hide their true identity from someone, why?
Are Corsair void pro worth it and what’s the pros and cons. Suggestions for other headsets are welcome.
What android based dungeon crawlers can you recommend?
What is the one thing that symbolizes your life?
Disney just bought the rights to Scarface. You are hired to do a remake, and to tone it down. How would you do it?
People of Reddit, what are some buy before you need it items?
What are your favorite, and least favorite color combinations?
How did someone get away with something because you were young at the time?
What is something you think everyone should do but hardly any people do?
What are some relaxing (first) date ideas for introverted people?
whats something you swore you never would do but now you do it daily?
What was your Instant Messenger (AIM, MSN, Yahoo) username?
The 16 year old version of you just moved in and is now your new roommate. What's the first thing you two would fight about?
Travellers of reddit, what was the most weird experience you had while travelling?
Users of Reddit, what is the hardest/easiest subreddit to moderate in your opinion and why?
What was the last decision you made by flipping a coin?
You gain control of Donald Trump's Twitter account for 1 day. What do you tweet?
What are some 'stories' you have stumbled upon on reddit that are simply too messed up to have been fabricated?
What is something humans have an abundance of in the world but for some reason is still expensive?
People who were the result of incest, describe your reaction.
What would you do if you were president of USA? Why?
Would you pay for cuddles? What do you think the per hour rate of a professional cuddlier should be?
Which person's premature death actually pushed humanity back in a certain field?
Redditors, what is the deepest part you have been in the Earth and why?
What is the best way to get a free .edu email quickly for discounts
Do you think that the Yankees will win the World Series this year?and Do you think that pitching needs to be improved?
Do blind people dream?? If so, do they dream in color?
Why do bookshops never have books in larger sizes?
What is the biggest error not in your favor that you have voluntarily corrected?
Does suicide organizations such as in Me Before You movie that the guy used to kill himself really exists? If so, what are the names of those organizations?
What is your strange irrational fear that has had an impact on your everyday life?
If you had to put together a soundtrack for the story of your life, what are some of the songs that would be on it?
What is something you really don't want to cheap out on?
If I am messaging a girl at night and she falls asleep, is it normal for them to read the message the next day and not reply?
What's the active best female black pornstars?
People who have been haunted, how did you exorcise?
Dear people of reddit, what is your thoughts on vegan cat food?
What's something someone has done that was out of the ordinary for that specific person?
Which of your father's habits have you unconsciously adopted?
If your entire movie was a movie what title would be best fit?
In my comment history, I have some comments that are years old. If I hit reload, the points change every time. How come?
Is there food that becomes poisonous when cooked?
Hindus of Reddit, do you consider Buddhism a false religion? Have there been any historical or present cases of discrimination/persecution of buddhists done by hindus?
Upcoming graduates of Reddit, what will be your yearbook quote, or what is the stupidest quote you have seen in your yearbook?
Which person on YouTube has impacted your life the most?
Buys whole pack of Starburst. Eats the pink ones then throws the rest away. Why even buy them then? That is a simple example of the picky eating a friend has. I've looked at other discussion on here but I want to reply back to people. Anyone?
What moment in TV or film still gives you goosebumps, even after multiple viewings?
Are people too sensitive. Why or why not?
People who eat crayons, which color tastes the best?
With Borderlands 2 receiving new DLC next week, what older games deserve the same treatment?
If you could have anything whispered into your ear, what would you want to hear?
Who’s ass would you rather eat - A person who stands up to wipe their bum-bum or a person who sits down to wipe their bum-bum, and why that answer?
Redditors who were the bullies growing up, Why?
What is the best dream you've ever had in your childhood?
People of Reddit, what moment made you realize that you should stop being friends with someone?
What should I do about my weight? I'm 5'7, male and I've started dieting and have gone from 74 kg to 63-65 kg(it varies lol) my question is shall I further thin out or fatten up or maintain this weight? I want to go to the gym later for I have some problems in my life.
ISIS captured you, what's your next move to break free?
Who is a good example of becoming successful later in life ?
What was the best hotel experience you've ever had?
What's something that makes your head hurt just thinking about it?
What is the dumbest thing or the thing you regret most doing because a crowd cheered you on?
What is the most underrated band you've ever listened to
What has been your worst sleep paralysis experience?
Canadians of Reddit, why are you always in such a rush?
People who saw the original Neon Genesis Evangelion airing in 1995, what were the public response of it? Did they think it would became a cult anime in the future? Have the meaning and perceptions changed since then?
Happily ever after couples of reddit, what was the "Yep, we're staying togethor forever." moment?
What's ur best dark or punny joke?
Which of the two city girls would you most love to have butt fun sessions with and why?
What's your best strategy to untangle earphones?
Have you ever exchanged gifts with another redditor? How was the experience and what did you receive?
What is something you enjoy doing now that 5-year-old you would absolutely hate?
Gay people of reddit. What made you realize you were gay?
What are some songs that were popular back when they were released but almost forgotten about now?
What the temperature where you live without using °F or °C
As you get home this evening, you find your wife dead in the backyard next to the doghouse with the garden hose sticking out of her ass, your dog dead and raped in the bedroom, and your daughter mutilating her genitals in the bathtub, what's the first thing you do?
What is a Hollywood invention you wished to be true?
Does reading books in general makes you smarter? (Serious)
Whats the shittiest superpower you can think of?
What's one positive thing happened to you lately?
Why do homosexuals get a month while 911 gets one day
Formerly obese people of reddit, what are some hacks to weightloss?
People whos comments have been featured in those AskReddit Youtube videos, what was it for?
What is the funniest joke you have ever heard
What was the most disappointing purchase you made as a child?
[Serious] OCD sufferers of Reddit, has it gotten any better? How?
What word or phrase do you use with your friends or family that is completely weird and unique and how did it originate?
If Canadians are the nicest people who are the meanest?
What would be your own personal heaven ?
[serious] teachers of reddit, what time did you realize that a parent has been abusing a student?
People who backpacked during the 80's, what were your experiences?
Ex-southern/rural conservatives, what made you shift your beliefs and ideas toward liberalism?
You go back in time and meet your grandfather when he was young. What is one thing you would tell him to avoid without telling him future events?
When shrink rays are invented in the future, do you think that they will decrease the size of the atoms themselves or simply decrease the amount of atoms that make up the shrunken object.
What is the most awkward spectacle you’ve witnessed in public?
People of Reddit, what was the worst sexual disaster that you've experienced?
Is bounty hunting still a thing? If so, is dead or alive a common occurrence?
Any retired pornstar that you would like to unretire?
High School and University Students and Graduates, What advice do you have for Rising Freshmen?
Dear people with "social anxiety," what gives you the confidence to be yourself around others?
You have 30 seconds to prevent your friend from jumping of a cliff, what do you say?
Whats’s the craziest thing you’ve ever done for a girl?
What's the best motivational quote from a video game?
Redditors who have had a rhinoplasty how were the results and how did it affect your confidence?
Surgeons that pass out when you see blood, why did you choose your profession?
What are some seemingly insignificant things that really piss you off?
Current or previous prisoners/correctional officers, what are some stories that have stuck with you.
What is the craziest teacher you had to deal with in school?
People of Reddit who have a specific rule about something that other people might find unusual, what is it and why do you have that rule?
Can someone tell me a about international finance?
What dream have you had that actually had real world impact on your life?
What seemingly normal thing is actually creepy/odd
What is your favorite opening credit scene in a movie?
Can or Will IA crack Poker ?
To Fellow LGBT Redditors, Were You Ever Forced To Come Out? How Did That Turn Out?
Passengers of Uber, what is the weirdest thing you have noticed about your driver?
People of Reddit who were, or are still, really good friends with celebrities, who are they, and what are they like?
People who pay for girls premium Snapchats why?
Reddit user who have a negative karma can you explain me what happened?
What activity should be in everyone's bucket list?
Non binary gender people of reddit, what advice should be given to gender fluid parents raising non binary children?
What was the last thing that caused your butthairs bristle with excitement?
what are stories where you've been in a life or death situation, and didn't feel afraid at all?
Has your school ever gone into lockdown? If so, what happened?
If you could have a super power that is NOT universe breaking/reality breaking what would it be?
Similar to teachers, what professionals get all of the blame and none of the credit?
What's the best piece of advice you've ever gotten from a song?
In today's polarizing world, what's something you have no opinion on whatsoever?
Hospital workers, what is the strangest reason somebody had to go to your hospital?
Teachers of reddit, What's the weirdest moment have you experienced in parent-teacher meeting?
30 years ago, you only had to remember to have 2 things when you were going somewhere, your wallet and your keys. Now its phone, wallet, keys. In another 30 years, what will be the 4th thing you have to remember?
Have you ever catfishes someone and if so how did you do it?
Redditors who know of someone who committed suicide after a incident with an unfaithful spouse, how did the unfaithful spouse react?
What was the dumbest yet funny post you've ever seen on Reddit?
Redditors who were paid cash rewards for tips that helped solved crimes/missing person cases. What is your story?
Redditors who are actually good in a fight - what are some things you could teach us weaklings to better prepare us for a “real world” fight?
Is it possible Redditors are the most genius sons of bitches out there?
What's something nobody will ever believe happened to you?
People who have large houses, what is the worst thing about having them?
What is the best decision you took but others thought that was worse ?
What removed Facebook game would you bring back?
Is the make up industry really saturated?
Lego builders of reddit, what's the most painful type of Lego to stand on?
I'm out of toilet paper, nobody's home. Wtf am I supposed to do?
Officers of Reddit what is the most mysterious case you ever worked on?
What hobby did you sink a bunch of money into only to realize it wasn’t for you?
Mobile gamers, what game are you really enjoying right now?
What’s the most useless fact you ever know?
What was the scariest thing you saw while driving throught remote areas ?
what’s the difference between direct chats and private messages? idgi lmao
Who do you think has a bigger penis, you or your dad?
Redditors who post nudes of themselves on the internet, do you ever worry about being caught? If this has happened to you, what was the aftermath?
Whats a food that Wouldn’t be good as a sandwich?
What is something you wish more people knew about?
What's something that is plentiful today, that will be nearly impossible to get/find in the near future?
Weightlifters of Reddit, what is one moment where you didn't know your own strength?
What superpower would be more awesome/less awesome in real life?
Identical twins of Reddit, what's it like hearing a recording of your own voice? How similar is it to the sound of your sibling?
What do you think your average Redditor looks like?
What cheap videoganes (free2play - 20 bucks) would you recommend?
What would life be like in 3rd Person?
Does anyone in the USA know what a Tortoise is?
Why does Obama suck compared to trump?
What meme did you think was stupid?
Hey Reddit, what's the worst concert or show by a well known act you've ever been to and why?
What's an interesting, unknown little fact about your country/state/city/hometown?
What old black and white horror movie is still scary as fuck?
What was the last thing that made you wickedly throb (untouched) with lust/arousal?
What is the dumbest thing you’ve heard someone say?
Is It Normal For Partner To Constantly Ask To Not Cheat?
What are some of your favorite Cards Against Humanity combinations out there?
What decision did you IMMEDIATELY regret the instant you made it?
If you could time travel to any historical moment of the past, what would it be and why?
Does anyone else actually talk to their partner about what they would like to do in the bedroom?
If humans were pets, what would our owners find most annoying about us?
How has taking/not taking a gap year before/during College affected your perceived success in Collegiate/Post-Collegiate life?
Does lightning travel 1/3 the speed of light?
What's your favorite music video in terms of creativity?
What was the worst weather you've driven in?
Hey gang, what's your favorite alternative to water to make ice cubes out of?
Would you think there was anything wrong with a twenty year old female who is attracted to fifty year old males?
How safe it is to IV food instead of eating it?
People who need glasses, what's the longest you've gone without wearing them?
Can nerve damage due to injury/physical trauma in the lower extremities cause feet discoloration?
Why are some people against gay people? What was the reason straight pride started?
Can old players compare to modern or not? Why? Like Pele to C Ronaldo or Messi - Bird, Magic to Leonard or Curry?
What is your most favorite Easter egg in a game?
What is the dumbest reason you got banned from a subreddit?
People of Reddit: How do you really feel about "Father's Day?" Do you honor your father on that day? Why or why not? [Serious]
What is the best reason someone has used to reject you?
What Sub-Reddit do you think is the most underrated and why?
Babysitters, what caused you to say "to hell with this" and call the parent(s) home from their night out?
What's your wildest drunk off your ass story?
Gentlemen, what is something you want to hear while having sex?
If one were to have a bug bite near their anus, how should they go about handling it?
You have to write an essay after learning everything there is to know about the universe, what would it be called?
Have you ever been caught masturbating? If yes how?
How do you feel when your favorite song of all time is used and overplayed for a car commercial or some other cheesy advertised product?
Not karma whoring just would rather ask the people of reddit than my friends who have never had a girlfriend, how do I get my crush to notice me in different light than the guy who just jokes around all the time?
Southerners, how do you feel about losing the Civil War?
Let’s say I talk to you today and you say you have something in your life you want to change. The next time we talk is in a year, where you say everything in life is just how you want it now and the problem is gone. What was the problem and what was the first step you took to end it?
What are some things you wish you didn't know about?
Why do European countries mostly have a single ethnic group and language but Asian countries have multiple?
Do you have any stories of clever cons done by cunning con men?
What are successful ways to play the politics in your office without being obvious?
What do you consider the "Bible" of your occupation/profession?
What is the confirmation that India had shot down a PAF F-16 in February?
what is the amazing thing you want to do before you die?
If you were the first person to land on the moon, what would you of said?
How badly has autocorrect and spell check screwed you over in the past?
Which of your friends has fallen off the deep end? How did it happen?
Have you ever forged and or printed off false documents, what was the reason, how did it turn out?
What do you spend money on to distract yourself from life?
What is something that happened to you but no one would belive?
Do you enjoy spending your leisure time in the company of other people or by yourself?
Young adults of reddit. What current issues in your life is making you worry about your future?
What is something everyone should experience at least once?
People that lost one of they're senses. What changed in you life for the better or the worse?
Can an orchestra play without the director?
What is the line between Game and Sport?
Happy Saturday to Redditors who are both drunk and stoned right now. Whatcha doin'?
You are given a Bankrupt Note. Whatever Company's name you'll write there will go Bankrupt in not more than 24 hours. What company do you write and why?
You are given 1 million dollars if you can get 10k+ downvotes off one comment or thread. What would you say?
Where are those people who were saying you that you’ll never achieve anything
What was the best unconventional date you went on?
Whats bothering you? If nothing, whats good?
People of Reddit, I got 6 karma. Are you jealous?
Why should we prefer to spend our money on branded clothing and apparel?
Which personal incident made u lose faith in your country's governance?
What is a time when Murphy's law caused an event or a series of events to go too wrong?
What does your "weird" friend usually does?
Employees of reddit. What was the stupidest reason you got fired and were you able to collect unemployment?
What is the worst experience you had in a movie theather
How do i work this? Where is that large automobile?
What was the worst excuse/story you ever gave your boss to skip work?
Redditors, what is the biggest obstacle you faced in life and how did you overcome it?
what's the darkest thing you saw on the internet ?
Ladies, what is one piece of advice you would give men?
we need help can someone hack this account or this PC I know this sounds weird, me and a friend got into a heavy debate about where exactly are we, nothing dangerous but something so bizarre happened, it's like some glitch in the matrix type shit is there any way to know where is this account from?
My girlfriend and a dude went into a room together alone then closed the door, I can hear moaning sounds, Should I be worried?
What is hard to learn but after that is easy to master?
What are ways that a woman can be sexy without being naked, in a bikini, or wearing revealing or tight clothing/lingerie?
What’s something you like to do secretly ?
Students out of school, what are gonna do over the summer?
What are the consequences for a whole generation being addicted to violent video games ?
How do you deal with your depression?
How do I convince my parents so I can get my ear pierced (M19)
Redditors, have you ever been caught talking about someone on here, or have you ever caught someone yourself? What did they/you say and how did it go down?
What are the Pros &amp; Cons of dating a girl that you met on Runescape?
Whats the worst thing you have ever said to your teacher?
People who were led to random page when you were expecting to be rickrolled,how dod it happen?
Do you add water before soap or soap before water when washing your hands? And what water temp?
People who got their first dating relationship after High school, How?
What has been your "Um, actually..." moment in life?
What are the best parts about living alone?
Women of Reddit, what is one thing you wished your partners knew to help you get off during sex?
What is something that you wish wasn't socially acceptable?
What did you think, 10-20 years ago, "**THAT** will never happen!" and it turns out you were completely wrong?
Anyone can tell me where to buy facebook likes and other social media service?
Your entire internet history from the last 24 hours (Including incognito mode) just got sent to your family and your partner. What is the first thing they enquire about?
What personality types, while not inherently bad, do you clash with the most? Why?
Pro trump redditors, what is the most outrageous thing you’ve gone through for your support?
Turtle owners of Reddit, what is your reaction when you come across turtle porn or see someone who watches turtle porn?
Stoners or reddit, what do you use to clean your weed on?
What’s the best way to clean white shoelaces?
What is that "one size fits all" advice that people give you that doesn't help you.
What movie is considered a "cult classic" but really isn't one?
what is your best quote ? and from where you heard it ?
Medical staff of Reddit: What is your most profound experience with a patient?(serious)
What is more harmful to the environment than people seem to realize?
Why is the other side of the pillow cool?
Redditors who have been clinically dead and then resuscitated, what was it like?
For those of you living in NY / NYC, have you found a misdemeanor or violation on your record affects how employable you are?
How do you get over something that "might have been"?
What’s a sound that disturbs you that normally wouldn’t to others?
IF you could remove two things from your country to make it a better place, what would you remove?
What's the most embarrassed you've ever been for someone else?
What music reminds you of road trips with your parents when you were young?
Criminals of Reddit, what was the funniest/craziest thing you’ve done in prison?
Why is it necessary to kill Spiders?
What’s something your parents did when you were growing up that really made you feel bad at the time but later in life you began to appreciate?
Why are there no high speed trains in the U.S. and so many in Europe which is of similar size?
What seemingly insignificant moment actually ended up changing your life significantly for better or worse?
Smartest thing you've done while you were high?
What's the most cringe moment you have ever had I'm a social situation?
Unemployed gang, how long have you been laid off and what have you been up to?
Redditors that have been part of the decision-making at a company that really messed up, what was it and how did it happen?
What’s the stupidest thing a teacher has told you?
What is the one thing that would convince you to forgive a cheating spouse (if there is any)?
What thing makes you the most nostalgic?
What are some free online courses or certifications you can complete to boost your resume?
Dear Reddit, what is something you did, that you are secretly really proud of?
Following the recent article about how Marvel wanted to recruit Keanu Reeves into the MCU, what character do you think he should play and why?
What is the worst, normal thing you have seen a parent do to their child?
happy pride month! lgbt folks of reddit, what’s your coming out story?
Can you go to work high in the states where weed is legal?
What made you lose your faith in humanity?
Redditors with roommates, what is the shittiest thing your roommate has done to you?
How do you feel about Frozen 2 coming out?
If you could become a character from any anime/manga/movie/book/tvseries, who would it be, and why?
If John Wick went back in time with modern day guns and unlimited ammo, could he single handedly win the civil war?
Fappers of Reddit, What is the most disappointing thing youve shamefully Nutted to.
What is the best/worst thing about living in Canada and why?
What is something you were sure only you did until internet strangers taught you that you aren't the only one?
What do you do when you impulsively get suicidal thoughts?
In which fields are the top best people women and not men ?
Which celebrity can you not stand at all?
What’s something you’ve always wanted to say, but haven’t had a chance to yet for whatever reason?
What’s something that happens to you that you swear happened but is so bizarre that nobody believes you ?
Smokers of Reddit, Whats the most obscure way you've had to light your cigarette when you've lacked a lighter?
What are your top three destinations that you want to visit in your lifetime and why?
How do you get a man if you're boring?
What is one random, amazing, spectacular event from any piece of fiction or just off the top of your head that you would like to happen in real life?
People of Reddit, what is an important life skill everyone should know?
People who have been in a Gangbang/Group Sex. What was it like? How different is it from normal 1 on 1 sex?
What was your “it’s too late for that” moment? How did you react?
Are you happy with your SO? Why yes or why not?
In Oceans 11, Reuben had a history with Benedict which is how Danny/Rusty got him to bankroll, after that scene you never saw more personal vendetta than Terry/Tess/Danny trio, and in sequels, same story..Even when Pacino had the whole initial screwing Reuben over, no Benedict backstory with those2?
What’s a thing you wish you could forget so much cry thinking about it?
What was the biggest, "that's what I said" moment?
Magicians, what was the biggest mistake you made on stage and what happened?
What keeps most people from achieving their goals?
What is the biggest change in the world you only realize if you actually stop to think about it?
How many good friends do you have? Do you believe they love you as much as you do?
Posted this on the travel sub but got no response so, trying my luck here. 22YO American male going to Bangkok, Thailand soon any advice?
How did Japan navigate to Pearl Harbor in WW2?
Why are airport runways so bumpy during takeoff/landings?
People who are no longer on speaking terms with family members, how and why did it happen?
Does you ever walk by an oven or toaster that’s been off but still feel heat?
Should the size of a banana be implied in the name. So a small one is a bana, a normal/medium sized one is a banana, and a big one is a bananana. What do you think of this idea?
I'm 15 (F) 158cm and I weigh 55kg should I lose weight? if so how much and what is the best way to do it?
What are some scary true stories that have happened at your workplace?
What are some subs that you can pay people to do math homework?
What would be a better use for money than a $999 Apple computer stand?
Is cursive writing still used for anything important?
Callcenter agents, what are some of your funniest calls?
Redditors with no sisters, who did you learn to kiss from?
What strange things are happening around you right now?
What would you do with an extra $1,000 a month no questions asked?
What is the most successful marketing campaign that is currently misleading consumers?
What mystery do you have that you would like to investigate further?
Just a question to God. Why would you make gays like us feel this way if it's a sin?
If you were given one day to live as the opposite sex, what's the first thing yoou would do?
What is the worst/best present that you've gotten from your significant other?
Depression battling redditors what are your happy ending stories?
Police of reddit, what is the funniest/most interesting encounter you’ve had while on the job?
What are your thoughts on which phone is better, A70 or S9 and why?
What are the best senior pranks you’ve ever seen? (Let’s be serious)
People of Reddit, what was the worst Teacher you’ve had in all your years?
When did you realize that all these reefer companies in State's where it's legal are carpetbagging bougiese charlatans?
If you could have any fictional vehicle as your personal car what would it be (laws still apply and any weapons on them dont work)?
Medical staff of reddit: Do you have any amusing stories of people coming to A+E with some object stuck up their rectum? Or someone who got burnt trying to light their fart on fire? Or something along those lines?
Treat m e like your slave, master. What do you want?
What is the weirdest person you've ever had a relationship with that you kinda miss?
Why is it so hard for me to get laid?
By the year 3019, how do you think the human race will evolve?
What’s a good low-effort way to cultivate upvotes on your cake day?
What tidbit of knowledge do you have that’s not on the internet?
What character of the room do you like the most?
What would you say is better, video games or anime and why would you say they are better?
Those that risked it all, what was the first red flag it wasn't going to work?
What are some good jobs that don't require a college education?
What's your story of eroticizing something that makes you uncomfortable?
At what age you discovered babies are not sent by Angels?
Why does the body get chills/goosebumps when we hear a song we really like ?
Ladies and gay men, have you ever been surprised/disappointed by a man's size?
Would you quit your job if you can’t get along with your coworker? Who sits across from you. Boss is aware, you both got into a confrontation the other day, nothing is improving.
Redditors, who have you met over Reddit then met in person and what was your experience?
What is the most disturbing video you have come across on the Internet?
Anybody have any info on the company Virztex?
Who is your favorite TV show character?
What wouldn’t you do if you just didn’t have to?
The Angel: I can't find your name in the book of life. What's your respond?
What’s something weird that everyone knows about you?
How would a productive day be for you?
what things could you hear from a person who thought they muted you but actually didn't online?
Hey redditors, what is your story of discovering Reddit?
Why is a towel considered dirty when we use it to dry off out clean bodies?
How do you evict tenant's trying to exercise squatter's rights from your headspace?
[Serious] Besides Raape and Insest, why else would Girls get Abortions?
How many things out there work 100% of the time?
When you see a meme post with the hundred red arrows, do you upvote or downvote?
How did you discover who you are?
If every company in the world were to release a product in the shape of their logo, what would they make?
[Serious] Instagram influencers of Reddit, whats your Cringiest most attention deprived desperate post?
If you could tell your past teachers something, what would you tell them?
(Serious) If you were the judge, jury and executioner of a court, what are your requirements for the defendant to be sentenced to death?
Female Redditors, what music do you like to listen to while making love with your S.O.?
Looking for the cheapest 1st world country to get a jaw surgery in.
How do you handle all of the negative things in the world? I.E. Natural distasters, politics, mass shootings, sexism, racism, other crimes against humanity
People with siblings, what's something us only children would have a hard time understanding?
What are some general tips on how to live a healthier/happier life that I can start utilizing now? [serious]
what game makes you rage every time you play it?
Would you save an animal over a human? Why or why not?
[SERIOUS] Parents that Didn't Sign their Children's Permission Slip: Why?
How much does it cost to put somebody through college? What are the hidden costs?
What is your favorite offbeat, weird, or funny subreddit?
Makers of a subreddit, what was it about, and what inspired you to make it?
Is drinking cow milk really good for you or not?
[serious] Porbstars of reddit whats the worst about your job and whats the worst scebe you ever made?
Why do white guys say the N-word to each other?
What does everyone think they’re above-average at when it’s impossible that every person is above the average?
How are suits professional? It seems only because someone said so? Why?
What’s something extremely odd someone said to you like it was normal?
whats the most embarrasing thing that happened between you and your family?
Expert lairs of reddit. What was the best lie you’ve managed to get away with?
Binge-watchers : Why do you re-watch the same tv show multiple times, even after you've memorized the lines?
If given the option, how many clitorises would you have surgically attached to your anus/rectum?
People of Reddit, have you ever faked a phone call? If so, why?
Why do people not like captain marvel?
What is always coming, but never arrives?
People with lots of money - how did you learn to behave in a socially acceptable way that didn’t make you appear out of touch or entitled?
My wife thought that karma was called mana and that upvotes were likes, what do the people close to you mistakenly name in video games and social media that you’re invested in?
Do you know or have you ever seen any girl who looks likes and/or behaves and talkes like Miley Cyrus? How would you describe her?
What are the things i should do to enhance my career after 10 am - 7 pm job?
What is the dumbest thing you’ve heard a workmate say that made you do a Jim Halpert dead pan to the (non existent) camera?
If u want to earn money how do u will earn it?
What to do if you’re the only person left who things promiscuity is weird but not from religious upbringing?
What is your favorite way to distract someone?
Since the world needs more love, who do you love the most, and why?
What’s the weirdest hustle you’ve seen somebody do for money?
How do you go from lazy to motivated?
&gt;What's your favourite quote from a normal person?
People who slept with celebrities, what was it like?
What are the similarities and differences between the Forest Service and National Park Service? (USA)
Men of Reddit: have you ever been in a situation that made you think "if I was a girl, this wouldn't be happening?" If so, what happened?
Doctors of Reddit what is the scariest fact you know?
The first time you have to do is to be a part of the world's most trusted travel providers and the other is a good 👍 and a lot of people are going to get a lot of the same time I had the same problem as the most popular and a half ago, I was able to get the most out of your way to the same dick?
Redditors who got fired for doing your job bad on purpose, what's your story?
Time travelers of Reddit, what happens in the near future and how screwed are we?
What mic does jschlatt and twomad use for the loud moments?
Why are federal government employees federally taxed?
If you were only able to watch one movie for the rest of your life what would you watch?
What was your "... and then our eyes met." moment in regard to something either embarrassing, cute, or romantic with someone else?
Why people want bezeless phones even though they can crack easily upon falling?
Teachers/students, what is the weirdest reason that your school was put on lockdown?
You can AMA anyone in history. Who do you chose and what do you ask them?
What is deceptively easier than it looks?
Should my cat get some roast beef for dinner tonight?
What are some things you do during your holidays?
'Terrible' Minecraft/Terraria builders of Reddit, what are you the most proud of building in Minecraft/Terraria?
What's a lie you would never reveal even if your life depended on it?
What's a "When I was your age" story this generation will have to tell future generations?
Poets, especially rappers of Reddit, what is your sharpest rhyme line?
What are some things to know before becoming a bartender?
Redditors who have been given gold more than once, how did you do it? what is your secret?
Dear citisens of reddit, what are some good ways to ask someone out you genuinley like?
What Is Your Most Upvoted Reddit Post?
What's something that annoys you but people around you do it often?
Who was your mentor and what did they mean and do for you?
[Serious] What aspect of Reddit is very interesting yet concerning?
What is sexy what a woman does?
Is it normal me and my female friend consider each other siblings?
My sister and her boyfriend are leaving me with their dogs for the week while on vacation. What are some fun things I can do to send them throughout the week?
How do you deal with somebody who's constantly giving unsolicited advice?
Name a future technology you’d like to see.
Adults of Reddit, when you were younger did you have dreams and aspirations? If not where are you in life and how did you decide to get there?
Redditors that grew up with strict/abusive parents, what was the last straw for you?
Women of Reddit, what are some things a man can do to make himself more attractive? Conversely, what traits make a man less attractive in your view?
Writers/ readers of reddit, what are some tropes you believe are under/overused? And what are some of your favorite tropes?
Remember when we used to be able to call things "g*y" as a general-purpose pejorative to express disapproval or lameness about something, but if you do that now you get bitched at? Who wants to defend to usage of the pejorative "g*y"? ill run for office on that platform whos with me?
What's the best way to pass the time at a boring desk job?
/u/AutoModerator on [Serious] You win 100 Million dollars. What is the first SINGLE thing you buy?
What happened on the best vacation you've ever had?
Late night joggers what was the creepiest things you’ve seen or strangest?
Men of Reddit, what would be in your crazy ex girlfriend's Google search history?
What annoys your the most about customer service?
How much was the biggest tip you gave and what prompted you to do it?
What is a toxic trait you have and when did you acknowledge it was toxic?
Light mode users of reddit what’s your reason/reasons to use light mode?
Naruto fans, how cool is Madara Uchiha to you and why?
A thorough scratching of one's balls is a genuine source of non sexual satisfaction. What are some other non sexual things that feel good?
Game masters/D&amp;D players of Reddit, what's your party's most memorable story?
What is the strangest place you’ve ever gotten stuck?
Gamers of Reddit, what small imperfections make your favorite game even better?
Food service workers, what have you done or have seen being done to a rude customers food order?
You either die a villain, or live long enough to become the hero. Who is an example of this?
Fast food employees of Reddit: What's the dumbest thing you've seen a customer do?
Burnout - How can it be prevented?
What is something in life that if we where in a video game it would get nerfed or taken out because of how good it is
Contractors of Reddit: How much dirt or soil is recommended or required from the bottom of the foundation of a older home in the basement?
What is your 'hold my beer' moment?
[Serious] Published authors of Reddit, what advice can you give about writing for a living?
What are the most interesting domino effects in history?
People of Reddit, what is the happiest you’ve ever been?
What are your favorite/least favorite moments from the show friends?
What was your most memorable “tears of joy” breakdown moment?
What is the worst/best pun you've ever heard?
What's something you said that when it got back to you it was completely taken out of conext?
How do you like your toast, wet or a bit damp?
What is the hardest thing about being a short adult?
How did you find out what you wanted to do with your life ?
Do you genuinely enjoy your corporate office job, or are you doing it for the stability/pay?
What is something only a 2000s kid remembers?
What food in your country is a must try for foreigners?
People who don’t support the LGBT community, why not?
What animal’s thoughts would be the most frightening to hear for a human?
What caused you and your old best friend to not talk anymore?
What is going on in the r/lounge
What is something fun and unique I could do for my 21st birthday with my parents?
people with pets do you see them as equal family alongside your blood relatives?
Democrats of reddit, why should we give free health care to illegal immigrants?
Who are some famous people that you wish did porn?
What are some subreddits you use to go to sleep?
Hamilton fans of Reddit, What is your favorite song in the show “Hamilton” and why?
What are some problems that famous people have?
People of reddit, what was the best time you’ve ever had with someone on a date, but couldn’t pursue a relationship for reasons?
Where can one locate the Theresa May/Angela Merkel sex tape?
What age do American boys ussually get thier drivers driver's license?
What is the most physical pain that you’ve been in?
Is the whole field of psychology respected or considered a "fake science"?
"Intelligent", good at physics but terrible at Math B, is there anyone else with this problem?
Are there any r/talesfrom subreddits specifying in tales from a doctor or nurse?
Hi, I really hope some one is able to help with this as my brain is melting. I’m working on a video menu for a local takeaway and I formatted the USB keys so I could put the new menus on and now the USB sticks aren’t showing on the LG TVs - I formatted on a Mac.
Ex-redditors of reddit, what made you leave reddit?
What is the best way to pay the lowest price for a used car at a dealership? What to look out for? Tips?
What is an illegal thing you would love to do (¡ am not FBI)?
How bad is it for teens to lift weights?
How can i deal with anxiety issues?
Redditors that have been to prison, what was your experience?
[Serious] friends of psychopaths, whats the nicest thing you've seen them do?
What’s the most annoying thing you have ever experienced and what did you do in that situation?
[Serious] At some point, are we done growing and stuck as who we are?
If someone you loved all your life was killed in front of you, but someone created an exact copy of them that was perfect head to toes, would they be the same person and would you love them just as much?
White people of reddit, would you consider yourself lucky to be born white?
